Eli Pearson - June 11
VIEW RECORDING - 18 mins (No highlights): https://fathom.video/share/8hbMShP3hto1xaTRgWSRhqCG_ZMzZViZ

---

0:00 - Eli Pearson (litprotocol.com)
  Potential ways we can synergize there. Perfect. Let's do that.

0:04 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  So basically where Mother's at is we've gone through a bunch of permutations. We've had like a ton of people leave the project, so we're down to kind of bare bones.  It's like me, Matt from ConsenSys, and like James. That's the team.

0:21 - Eli Pearson (litprotocol.com)
  Okay.

0:22 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  there's like a few others that are kind of like part-time contributing and stuff, but I'm kind of like meeting on the coordination front, and James is doing some technical stuff, and Matt, it's like he's kind of funded it a little bit from Gaia, and he's kind of got the vision.  So basically our kind of strategy right now, like we've actually had a ton of challenges with traction. People are not seeing the value of what we're creating because we're classic crypto.  We're creating a solution for a problem that doesn't exist yet. So it will exist. It's just like still not here.  They probably won't be here for at least another six months, that said, like it's like an inevitability, so basically the way that we want to prove this inevitability is that we want to prove that having agents as part of your community activations and just having agents, having access to the mother agent registry is valuable, and so the way that we want to do that is we have Gaia as one of our closest partners.  I'm hoping to do this with lit, I'll tell you what exactly, and an intuition we have lined up as well.  Y'all have TGEs coming up, and what we essentially have done is we've had a really hard time getting agents onboarded, so instead what we did is we built our own agent.  Our first agent to go on the registry, and this agent is a quiz agent. Okay. so basically what it does is you can just insert a link, it will summarize it, and it will come up with a few questions, and then you can win points.  It's like on-chain testnet tokens or XP or whatever token you want for doing the quiz, and the point is that we work a lot with this group called CoUnity, and we run a number of communities, and they said this would be like a high, high value tool, and so what we're going to do is we're going to deploy that tool during the Gaia TGE, and then the advantage for us is that we're creating a case study of if you have the mother registry as part of your TGE, it will boost engagement by X percent, and ideally that means more token holders, less people dumping the token after the airdrop, et cetera, et cetera.  That's kind of like the theory that we're putting together, so the advantage for Gaia is that legitimately they're getting a tool that, I mean, you only have one TGE, so you might as well do anything you can to make it as successful as humanly possible, and we're saying that having mother, like in your TGE, so cool.  And all you can do is you can just choose, the admins can do slash ask, and then they ask the mother orchestrator to like, find me an agent that does this, and then the agent can do that for you.  You can have a conversation with that. It's like the long-term vision. So what I wanted to check in with the lit team with your TDD coming up, if that's something that you would all be interested in partnering on.  The other benefit of doing that is that this is all built with lit's technology. So you have a real use case for your community in your Discord, seeing the lit protocol in action, doing this really cool engagement tool that's all on-chain, and hopefully by the time the lit TGE actually happens, you'll share the details.  It's not just one agent. This is just our starter agent. We're hoping that we're going to have, you know, a hundred or a thousand agents really quickly onboarded.  So that's kind of like the gist. And what I wanted to get out of the meeting was either a yes, no, like commitment of like.  Yeah, we love to have Mother, you know, have their orchestrator there and collab-land-aiding the community and then have access to the Squidge agent and any other agents as part of it.  And then the benefit for us is that we will partner with you on collecting some of those stats. What's great is we get to see everything on chain.  So you actually get to see who is doing it, how many people are engaging with it. What's great is that this quiz is about lit.  So, like, your community members are doing a quiz about your own project, so, like, who is really, how much do they know and how much are they really getting involved in your project?  So, anyway, I've been talking a lot, I'll pause there, I'd love to hear your thoughts and all that. Yeah, no, for sure.

4:42 - Eli Pearson (litprotocol.com)
  No, I mean, first and foremost, I definitely, definitely dig it. This would be great. It aligns nicely, too, because we've, I mean, as you know, lit is very much an infrastructure provider.  So, like, one of our challenges in kind of figuring out the best. Way to engage retail ahead of the token launch and kind of, again, grow the community and grow the traction there outside of, again, where we've been very much focused to date on the developer builder side and all that.  So we recently rolled out kind of like a new role and point system in our Discord, trying to, again, get folks to contribute, whether it's docs or content or memes or whatever, and they earn points for doing so.  And then, again, we're just like keeping a catalog of those points. If you meet a certain threshold, get different badges and kind of different contributor levels.  And so that's kind of how we've been rolling things out to date. But, again, in my mind, based on everything you just said, this would just basically allow us to elevate that even further.  So, no, this sounds great. Again, my only questions would be just around the, and again, I have. Reached out to, and we've been trying to, I spoke with the Collabland team, it's been a few weeks now, but we were going to get their tipping bot integrated and kind of have that in the server as well.  So just curious from like a technical perspective, what will this entail on our end to get this live in the server?  know you said add the registry, and then there's some on-chain actions here too. So I'm just like wondering what that, that looks like from a user perspective.

6:31 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  It's, while we're intending, I need to get some dates from you, but I'm intending that by the time lit has their TGE, you just need to have the Collabland bot data in your community.

6:44 - Eli Pearson (litprotocol.com)
  That's it. Okay. Everything else is built in. Okay. Beautiful.

6:48 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  Shipping will be enabled, the other agents will be enabled, everything will be ready to go for you.

6:55 - Eli Pearson (litprotocol.com)
  Okay, perfect. So, so yeah, I guess I can, I can give the rundown on our end. We're... We're about, I would say about a month, a month and a half away from TG at this stage.  We are targeting sometime in July. I don't know if you've heard the latest on just on the lit product front.  We've been working on a new agent offering called Vincent, which is going to be, it's both a developer tool and offering, but it actually does have this retail component.  And so it is going to be a web app. Users can go, they can basically, it's all powered by lit keys and lit actions under the hood.  But the ultimate vision is, okay, I log in as a user. I create my account and then I can, again, based on my specific prompt, based on my specific intent, whether it's an on-chain action or an off-chain action, we'll have this, this Vincent registry.  Of these specific tools and agents. So based on the user's intent, they'll be able to interact with, again, either an agent directly or an application that has some agentic interface under the hood.  They'll be able to consent to the specific permissions and data access they want that agent to have, whether, again, it's like, hey, you can use up to X amount of this asset or under this specific time frame.  Or, again, specific allow lists, whatever those conditions may be, the user can can can fine tune them to their needs.  And then, again, it just kind of facilitates, again, whether it's it's cross chain, off chain or the like. But it's more or less a hub for your data and your assets and also a way to engage with agent powered applications in a way where you have full control over over that.  again, how that data. That sounds great. That sounds super useful.

9:04 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  It's so funny. were just talking about one agent that I, if I find the time, is we were talking about an autonomous hackathon or bounty dispensing agent.  So you have that set up in the mother registry. You give it the criteria, and then it can scan GitHub repos for your submissions.  And then if it meets this eligible criteria, then it can access a wallet and just distribute funds all autonomously and stuff like that.  It would be perfect to build on with this.

9:37 - Eli Pearson (litprotocol.com)
  Yeah. Yeah. No, super cool. That would be, again, yeah, that's exactly the sort of specific use case that would be awesome under that framework.  So we'll certainly keep you updated on the product front there. We are, I mean, I'm sure, you know, things always take longer than you think to.  To. And,. To To to, uh. Uh. that. We're hoping by the end of next week, have something to share in the first version of this framework and application published, but our goal is to drive a lot of the token go-to-market behind this new Vincent application because that's the first time you have that direct connection with retail.  So that's the plan at the moment. And so again, we're about a week out from that. Once that's live, we're going to do a big marketing push with all of our partners.  We'd love to include you all there too. And again, do specific campaigns related to this Vincent product. And then from there, again, would estimate about a month between that point, then we'll announce the airdrop.  We'll announce the other, again, we're going to do a staking contest to select the validator set for the mainnet.  So we have a few kind of fun initiatives that'll come directly following. Thank But that's the rough plan, and then again, we'll have TGE, we'll do the staking contest, we'll select the validator set, and then we'll kick off the mainnet shortly after that.  So again, the whole TGE to mainnet will be probably roughly two weeks in between there, and then again, from the time we announce Vincent to the TGE, I would estimate again, roughly a month.  So we are looking at, again, roughly sometime in July, right now I would estimate the second week of July to third week of July for TGE.  But some of this is in flux at the moment, and right now we're really just heads down trying to get this new Vincent product live.  So that's kind of where we're at. Hopefully those timelines align with… Exactly what I had in my plan.

11:52 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  was kind of like, Gaia TGE is kind of happening at the end of June, beginning of July, and then it would be lit, we'd be supporting you all.  And again, I see this as like so mutually beneficial, like I want to promote the  out of LID's stuff because the more successful your TGE is, the more successful like our case study is, and then, and obviously we want you promoting the fact that you're using the mother agent to help with that, the mother agent is built on LID tech, so it's like, it's like pure symbiotic like amazingness, and then what's great about that is you all have a successful TGE.  Intuition is then planning a TGE around August. We're also hoping to support them as well, we're using their tech that's deeply integrated within mother as well.  And ideally, that lines up where we've supported now three TGEs, we've collected a lot of data, we have a lot of proof points about how beneficial it is to have mother as part of your community activations in general.  And we've created like, just immense proof of our value, and then we launch our own token, probably to September, October, realistically, like, I mean, that literally feels like six years out, not six months out, so let's see the timing of that, but the idea is that, and then obviously lit would be a huge part of that airdrop as well, because we want you all involved in the governance of Mother and all this kind of stuff, so I see us, you know, we haven't had a chance to chat yet, but I've always saw that lit was just like, we were arm in arm in terms of your successes, our success, and vice versa, and I see that kind of playing it.

13:31 - Eli Pearson (litprotocol.com)
  Yeah, no, I mean, likewise, I think that all sounds great. Again, we would love to do all we can to support you guys, and yeah, the success of your launch, and again, I fully agree as far as what you said about being mutually beneficial, like, I see it the same way, so yeah, no, this will line up nicely, and again, it'll be great to just have on Thank  And then on the community side, just like have more ways to engage folks and have more for them to play with.  So, no, this all sounds great. Perfect.

14:11 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  So what I think we should do with that is we should aim to meet probably like end of June, early July.  Like, are you going to ECC or are you probably going to be heads down getting ready for this cafe?  We were going to, but yeah, we're going to be heads down. So, yeah, I have this like sense that a lot of people are not going to ECC.  I think it's going forward to Independence Day. That's my story. But we should connect kind of around that time frame because it's also really important that we connect with each other's marketing.  It would be good to have when some of the key announcements will go out for lit and we can co-design some of our announcements together.  I think that would be the most beneficial for both of us so that we're promoting you on different days and you're promoting us when it works well within that.  Because, I mean, you have a million things to share. Yeah.

14:59 - Eli Pearson (litprotocol.com)
  So.

15:00 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  Yeah, let's connect. So, Vincent, in the next week, and then toward the end of June, then, let's make a note to reach out to each other around then-ish, and figure out what the timing of the TGE is looking like, because, like, you're saying early July, and, like, you know, I'll put $20 right now that third week of July.  Let's just go ahead and do that, you know?

15:27 - Eli Pearson (litprotocol.com)
  That's fair enough. I'm not taking the other side of that. Yeah, exactly.

15:35 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  It's me, I'm doing all the marketing stuff, I'm doing all the reach outs, so, like, I'm your main point of contact, James in the building, and then Matt's supporting us with Gaia resources as needed.  So, yeah, just keep me posted on when you have a sense of things going live, and I think that's the best way to move forward.  Perfect. Yeah, will do.

15:55 - Eli Pearson (litprotocol.com)
  I just put an event on my calendar for the Okay, Fix We're 24th to reach back out, so by then you should have the plan more or less set in stone or getting close to that, so yeah, sounds good.  We'll definitely keep updated, and again, on the marketing front, it's more or less myself and David are running stuff there, so I'll also be the main point of contact.

16:24 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  Okay, perfect, and I still have your form for the airdrop. I was trying to fill it out, and I'm like, I should not be filling this out.  This is James to fill out, so yeah, I'm going to talk to him literally in 10 minutes, so I'll remind him again at the of the week to get a feel.

16:39 - Eli Pearson (litprotocol.com)
  Yeah, no, again, if you guys can just get that in by Sunday, that would be awesome, and then again, ultimately, we just want to make sure you guys get rewarded for your efforts.  So, you know, it is just doing the whole airdrop process. It's super unique for us because… Obviously, if we were a blockchain, you would just look on chain, what our address is doing, all that, but we don't have any way to attribute specific identities to wallet addresses most of the time.  So it's like, okay, well, we kind of have to ask folks directly. so, again, we know what you're up to as far as filling in the details on the integration side.  Really, the big piece is just putting in that wallet address where you want to have.

17:26 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  I mean, if that's okay, if that's the case, I can fill that out, no problem. We'll just put a little bit of detail so it's easy to track.  And then, yeah, yeah, I mean, obviously, like, from a mother's standpoint, like, at token allocations, would be super grateful because we'd love to be active participants in your governments moving forward, especially as your protocol is going to be a key part of our protocol.  So changes that you're making on that front is going to have, we're gonna be a huge stakeholder for that.  So I'd love to make sure that we're an active part of that, you know, moving forward. Awesome.

18:00 - Eli Pearson (litprotocol.com)
  Awesome. Sounds great. Well, great, great chatting. Great to finally connect. Yeah, be in touch in the next few weeks here.  Sounds good. All right.

18:09 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  See ya. Awesome. Thanks, Jonathan.

18:11 - Eli Pearson (litprotocol.com)
  Bye.
