Mother Source Circle Meeting - March 10
VIEW RECORDING - 51 mins (No highlights): https://fathom.video/share/-fWjQd5FcyqwSyxAz_oCSztHcsBnFm_d

---

0:00 - Disruption Joe (disruptionjoe.com)
  to work through today. then the obstacle will follow right after this so we can plan out some of the rest of the week's meetings and make sure that those are all aligned and on top of it.  I definitely find that it's worth investing time to be aligned early on a project. And so, you know, there's a little bit on these proposals about how do we, you know, collectively build the proposal to move forward in terms of like the pre-took and TGE strategy and so forth.  And then there's a little bit on the roles and the DOW and how we transitioned to the DOW. There's also a little bit on the idea of the hackathon.  Jay had some other ideas for validation. I don't know that they are one or the other. So, you know, we might walk away from  with like almost you know four proposals pass or we might walk away with like things to do on all four of them we can actually go ahead and pass them and that's totally fine so I just want to set that expectation that today's meeting will be like that and the option will follow so any of the work of saying like what do we need to do to you know get this to pass there's an opportunity for us to work on that right after here so everybody knows the SAFT is starting basically now I got to set up that wallet with a new gun so we'll set up a second wallet and then we'll have the wallet that they can pay into it's all the same people you don't need to sign a second agreements you know for a we decided not to turn it off on Friday since it was accelerating  And if we're going to be doing this instead of my test that we might as well keep nodes for sale There is something to be said for doing like uh, hey the rounds closed and round twos opening.  I I just personally never Believe that people buy into that, but I don't know why I was like 20 I was it like this car dealership, we put a  ton of balloons outside every morning So maybe maybe the balloons do work.  I don't know I would say that I'm less balloons more inflatable weaving our two men's just that's my friend Whacky way be inflatable.  Yeah Cool cool. I had a few talks today with some other potential investors this morning So the feedback's been pretty positive And I'm making groups Generally, I'm putting zina James and push into  groups, just in case if they have those technical questions and want to dig in, then Zena's following through with the CRM and making sure that we get the information to them.  I believe that we'll probably end up throwing Mark from you again in there so that he can handle all the DocuSigns, make sure that the foundation documentation is kept in order.  But I'm meeting with them later today, so we'll find out and I'll go back and add them. How are we filtering back those learnings to the rest of the team?

3:34 - Alex Lumley
  Honestly, just to clarify that question, it's just because I think there's a lot of value that comes from kind of VC call stuff just from like how we work our business model, how we pitch it.  It's really good to filter that back to rest of the team. Just something to think about.

3:51 - Disruption Joe (disruptionjoe.com)
  Yes, I honestly haven't thought about it really, mostly because I'm like figuring out how to breathe here. But tomorrow I can dig in and go and go and do that a little bit hopefully.  Yeah, I haven't put much structure on that. And then Cindy, since you're here, we really need the white paper like an edible version for Coach Jay so you can do a couple of quick updates.  editable? Okay. Yeah. Coach, let me be corny with you.

4:25 - Sydney Lai (GaiaNet)
  I had saying another version that was incorrect. But Joe, Joe and I had a line on it. So yeah, I'll get you an editable version.

4:34 - Disruption Joe (disruptionjoe.com)
  Yeah, there's a few proofreading things and stuff that you mentioned and then you know, getting it on the website so that you know, investors and so forth buyers.  mean, I got you.

4:47 - Puncar
  Also, can we maybe share with the team just before we post it because I think in a break and reach we just like improved narrative little bit so it would be just good to capture it.  Yeah.

5:10 - Disruption Joe (disruptionjoe.com)
  So, I wanted to bring, this is the space where we can bring potential requests for advisors. So I think we'll start like one of these things for advisors as well.  So I just got off call with coin flip the founder of GMX with the question James and you know mentioned to him, hey we'd love for you to be an advisor if you're interested and he was so you know I want to put it into here.  And so now we passed up to six of these things, these proposals. strategy review is our next one that was in ideated ideation.  What we have is a proposal here that we don't have a regular cadence for getting the most important things.  What I wanted to do was host an initial workshop to facilitate discovery of our highest level business posts for the main sale and then a few months after the now and then for the year.  And then prove these findings as an agreement here with this group so that really all of us are aligned and have consented to those things and don't feel like they were made without me.  This is a request of three hours on a day this week. We could do it instead of the Thursday alignment.  We don't need everybody to be there, but it would be requested that everybody be there if possible. Alright. And the deliverable then we would have those objectives and also then be able to be in agreement that every three months we should review those going forward.  And part of this is, sorry, I think about transition to the DAO, it's like, okay, we have to get to TGE, but if we're planning on being the team that sits in the elected seats at the beginning, how are we going to, you know, we should have a longer time frame on there.  And feel free to, you know, whatever you want to say here, coach James and others, you know, feel free to drop things in the chat and jog their mind and ideas here.  Coach, what are your thoughts on this? Is this too much? Is this enough? Should we do this? Well, yeah, I'm good for this.  I mostly want to just, yeah, I'm really excited to actually get this on the

8:00 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  the cadence you can decide later, but we should definitely have this session like this week. All right, so maybe today.  Right away. Okay. James.

8:16 - Disruption Joe (disruptionjoe.com)
  Yeah, I agree. I don't think I can do today, though, but I agree, should be done sooner than later.

8:23 - James Young (Collabü§ùLand)
  Is there a date that I think you have the busiest calendar there?

8:26 - Disruption Joe (disruptionjoe.com)
  I would love at least like 24 hours to prep it so that it's the most useful it can possibly be.  Is there a Tuesday, Wednesday or Thursday that you would have like a minimum two-hour window here? I can make time Wednesday afternoon, mountain.  So that would be the answer certain time that works.

9:07 - James Young (Collabü§ùLand)
  I was on mute, sorry. was talking on mute. I would say Wednesday afternoon to PM Mountain. 2PM, okay.

9:19 - Disruption Joe (disruptionjoe.com)
  3PM, CSC. I'm going to move our lemon jam to then. Does that work for you, Coach? I know it's a little late.  Yeah, that's 9PM here, so we can definitely do that. works.

9:36 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  Okay. I'm going to move this year.

9:39 - Disruption Joe (disruptionjoe.com)
  This is our normal Thursday lemon jam. We're going to do this this workshop. All right. That is done. So we are past.  Thursday or Wednesday? Wednesday.

10:02 - Xena Chernikova
  Okay, cool. Thanks. All right.

10:08 - Disruption Joe (disruptionjoe.com)
  So sure, we are satisfied. Another one is Team Strategy and Goals for Public Token Sale. got that ready, but we're going to do that workshop.  So I'm going wait on that one. The continuous performance review, I'm going to wait on that as well. think that's just going to stay in ideation here.  Then number 10, rolls on Mother's Keeper's Council. This may not be ready, but I'm going to propose it here because we need to start thinking about it and talking about it.  So the thing is, we don't have a clear answer for like who buyers are investing in. I think that's because  and investing in the team, but the system that we've built, right? And that's idea in the staff, technically, it is like a security and we're saying, hey, we're going to finish doing this and watch the network, but then when the public sale happens, we're going to be saying, no, this is not security and this is utility to the network.  So, you know, how do we find a good answer? Well, who the team is now and how the system will ensure the growth in the future?  Part of this came up at Breckenridge as well, you know, with Gush asking about like, okay, well, if somebody leaves, like, what are we doing?  How do we ensure that people are here and they're going to stick around, why they want to stick around?  So, one thing is the four-year linear best for like team paths and allocation, right? That's a pretty strong incentive to stick around.  The other one is we actually You should have an answer that the system won't break with any key man problem, right?  Like there shouldn't be one person that would crush the system if they were smooth. So my proposal is to ratify structure, I'm guessing we would only get through today that will work, but will work today and with what we're doing right now and would be immediately applicable to the Dow context of the Mother Keeper Council.  Basically, so we can begin acting as if today. But when we get to the Dow time, we have this list of agreements that we're doing.  We know how we operate as a team and then we just introduce the checks and balances. So the idea is that there are 12 seats and they can be held by either of these founding elders.  These ones, we're gonna say, and I'm just shooting the shot in the dark here guys. So if you... Why it's just so stupid to say something or even, you know, feel free to comment on here.  I'm guessing we don't pass this one today, but I want to start it. The idea is that there's some people like James or maybe a Sydney or Matt who have a lot of value, like even not for like being in the 40-hour week present, you know, they have like a lot of other value that they bring to the we have these as elected roles where, you know, they could be, anybody could be replaced if they weren't showing up at all.  So that would be something where the team would have to decide. And I think what we want to do is have something that is like, I think James and Cush relationship is really like indicative of this, that there's like the founding elder who's you know, name alone, drive value, and even 10 hours is easily like 20 hours from anyone else.  So, you know, probably working something else that is their full-time thing and you know that we could like set up something where we pay like half a standard time for a quarter of the time expecting like you know 10 hours a week and then there's contributors who would be at a full standard rate expecting 40 hours a week they may have a side gig is i'm putting that in there just to be explicit for no more than like 10 hours weekly but the discretion is up to vote from the peers whether they're performing so it's not about do you have a side gig or not it's about output it's not about the specific hourly commitment inside work mother each sheet belongs to a circle and here are the circles as we have now the growth the product and the protocol would be the kind of new one i do think we should have people very specifically focused towards like those protocol rewards getting streaming out making sure that they're profitable and so forth the idea similar to what  do now in that for each circle, even though there's a few different people, they elect and this one is the stewards.  So that's the person who's going represent in, you know, source meetings and making these agreements, and that should be like a more full-time person who's connecting all the dots for them.  When we talk about the pay amounts, I think that we should have a principle of being paid like at to like right at market rates on the lower like half of what market rates for our for a position.  As a standard, there is risk of being in and out and doing all that, but I think like you the sparkle rates are probably like pretty good for everybody even.  It is like the lower quarter. But I think that if the team is succeeding, there should be high levels of bonus.  And basically, if the system does well, we should do well. So I need some suggestions and some help from people in terms of suggesting this.  I've even considered Pooja just put out a paper having her design like an aligned incentive program. We could talk to block science about doing this, or we could come up with something ourselves.

16:41 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  Go ahead.

16:42 - Disruption Joe (disruptionjoe.com)
  Go ahead. Perfect question.

16:43 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  Yeah, I think the way forward is probably not over engineering too much. Let's put something together that maybe we can get down in an hour-long session and then just measure and in a couple months from now, see if it's working for us or not.

17:02 - Disruption Joe (disruptionjoe.com)
  Do you think we should do any adjustments before the token launch, or maybe we should aim at like May, if we're going to do the token launch in May is May is when we're trying to get this ready for.  Yeah. What do you mean by adjustments, by the way, to what the current, the current agreement and plan is, you know, we kind of all have basically these consultative level rates that aren't, you know, the risk on them is we get paid or we don't, but we have a higher level rate.  We probably can't do those rates with like a Dow and shouldn't.

17:39 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  We should align ourselves where if it's not doing well, you know, we're, yeah, I would suggest, I would suggest once we hit our $1 million goal with the SaaS that we, we come together and we have a quick conversation on what we want to do as an intern plan until token launch.  And I'm willing to bet that the plan we come up with will be pretty decent enough that even post-opcom watch it will work Sure, but once we actually have like funds we can actually start saying okay, like where are we at right now?

18:12 - Disruption Joe (disruptionjoe.com)
  Who how do we back pay we need to get back paid and like what does our Runway look like and let's just come up with some sort of heuristic that like works well enough to get us to the next milestone and we can decide from there what to do All right Excellent, so then I'm gonna put on this that we are going to take a sidebar and Anybody who wants to participate Just drop your your name in the comments Go But what do we call that how many my brain's not working at all today?  Sorry All right, so this one is just in progress, um, we have the hype and validation in April, our pilot programs.  All right, do you want to go through this one, uh, Yeah, did you want to say something real quick before we move on?

19:33 - Alex Lumley
  Yeah, I guess I just want to ask the real question on the previous one was, um, how do we answer investors and I just want to make sure that, that, that we got that answer that, like, how do we answer investors on who the team is?  Was that actually answered because it feels like that was not. I don't think we have a full proposal there.

19:53 - Disruption Joe (disruptionjoe.com)
  Um, the way, the way that I've been answering has, like, I tell them that, um, You know James has been on every key leadership meeting and he's been driving constant delivery.  So that's Definitely more than advisor, but he can't be the necessarily CTO of this project As well as that one as well as cabling, you know, so And there is value that drives back to Gladland from being successful similar as there is value that drive back to Gaia if mother is successful making much of agents that use Gaia so That that's that's basically Have that four-year linear vest so you know, be up to their peers to judge if they're you know participating in the way they should Yep I have another question related to what we just talked about but unrelated to what Alex mentioned is Um, I thought that

21:00 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  Okay, is MKIP 10 also part of a conversation on fast forward to two weeks from now, whatever it is, we've raised a million dollars.  How are we spending it? Because I want to have that conversation even now, I want to start deciding on what software we need to get, because I could do a better dog on growth if I have access to a kaito and they say that, but how are we deciding whether priorities are in terms of spending and wages and all that kind of stuff?  Is that a sector proposal? Yes, yes. And I think we should put that potentially onto workshopping.

21:40 - Disruption Joe (disruptionjoe.com)
  Yeah, definitely need some workshopping.

22:00 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  is that this conversation will be easier to have after this workshop on Wednes. I think a lot of clarity will be derived on this workshop on Wednesday.  then we can just like start moving super, super quickly once we have it. Yes. Yeah.

22:18 - Disruption Joe (disruptionjoe.com)
  So we can leave this an ideation for now.

22:20 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  And by next Monday, I mean, we'll either be working on this or we'll have already had a chance to work on this and be passing it.  Yeah.

22:32 - Disruption Joe (disruptionjoe.com)
  Do you want to do the pilot programs first? should I do the this one here that I did a number?

22:39 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  The pilot programs will be super quick. It's more like this is the ideation. But it's I think if like both Alex and I can put our names on this one as like proposals for it, because we know we were talking about the age and hackathon.  And also I want to start doing some to the inside validation and what just leave though like Alex and I need to just kind of meet and you know Brett happened and you've never happened.  don't know if you'll remember that but um so we still need to meet and just kind of like get our heads on what exactly the proposal is.  I guess I put this in here also is like more for us to learn about how to use this meeting effectively.  Is this the venue to be talking about this because I do see this as like a cross functional um a cross functional initiative where we're validating actually most of the stuff on the product side but it also impacts stuff on the growth side um yeah I so I guess is this the right venue or should I just straight up be working with Cush and Alex and we we don't have this here and we just bring this to work through the accountability like what do we want to talk about here versus side here?  I think here we want to decide like do we want to do this and do we want to put resources to it?

23:56 - Disruption Joe (disruptionjoe.com)
  So one is the um like if we're doing that hack And you know, you're the growth lead. So, I mean, you would want to say, okay, for sure, like I'll own that we can get this done, but then you might need some support, right?  And so, you know, Matt suggested, Matt from GIS suggested that he has to be and who could help run it.  I had brought more and more and met with James and Gush and more and some, you know, hundreds of hackathons and this could be a good start for him.  You can't and, you know, we need to have technical PMS type person. I think that you guys could validate here that we want to and then come back and then it's yours to approve.  What we want to approve here is like, bring in like another person to timing and I think, yeah, any other needs.  you have from other workshames. And I'm learning this with you as well. I have thought of this as well in here.  And I went for like, you know, that we have multiple needs to peel away before public token sale. decisions might also be used to leverage connection and user stats.  So it's like not just validation, but it's also the solistic plan of like, you know, the growth behind that for.  So I was thinking, you know, one is like validating that agents will hire each other through the motherboard, right?  So like, you can keep results. How many agent to agent connections are facilitated? And then you like using something like this so that you could walk away and design the ECAPON, the pilot program, whatever it is that you want to do in a way that understands what we're looking for here.  So how many agents are built on total? Maybe that's something you have from a motherboard. So it is the place.  This is the place to talk about. Yes. And in fact, in the proposal that, can we switch back to it?

26:03 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  Sorry, I didn't feel good. In this proposal then, the clarifying question I actually have, I only put one of them in there.  And the clarifying question is, Don Dawson was it Friday we had this call? And he brought up some big flags.  I heard big flags in there. And so I wanted to get like, are those flags the currents for us to move forward?  That's one. That's, that's a closed-ended question. I might ask it differently. Like, how are we addressing these spread flags moving forward?  And then the other question I have is, how quickly, if we can address those red flags, how quickly can we start moving on the agent attack about, because I want to start like, now?  Oh yeah. And I don't know who answers those questions. I'm looking at my little out of Alex in the corner here, but I think it's also like a product side question as well based on like the product readiness, right.  I mean maybe because you know I can jump in here on that.

27:15 - Disruption Joe (disruptionjoe.com)
  we see problems from what Don was saying? I didn't take anything he said as information we didn't know about.  He had legit concerns, but I think what we were thinking about doing was okay to do even with those concerns.  wasn't like killer. That was my impression.

27:35 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  And just to clarify, the red flags that I heard was mostly around like where Asian builders are realistically the like right now, like their ability to build functioning swarms is like we're building technology right now in anticipation of a massive influx of agent swarms, but right now we're not there yet like we're like.  a couple months ahead knowing that this is coming down, and so how do we handle that? We're starting an Agentecakathon around swarms, but most builders that are going to be entering it won't actually be able to accomplish what it is that we want to accomplish.  Especially else, did you have any talent?

28:23 - Disruption Joe (disruptionjoe.com)
  was going to like Keshka. Yeah, I mean, so what I mentioned the other day, I mean definitely we talked about all those things and it's not something that we didn't know.

28:35 - Kushagra Agarwal
  mean, we know that like, orchestration is going to be an issue and we also discussed about the fact that, you know, if people are coming up to building the Agentecak, it's very unlikely for them to also use the agents which are built in that hackathon, know, let's say a functioning building block for whatever they're building, because again, as you are building it, even I'm building it, need it right now.  let's say a part which kind of pieces into my architecture. So that's why I think if we plan to do that, we need to like host like a proper brainstorming session for that because I think another idea came of that, you know, we break the hackathon down into like two weeks and two weeks.  Let's say for two weeks, you build tools second two weeks, you build it kind of these use cases around and using the tools that you know were built out in the first two weeks.  But again, coming down to the feasibility of it, I think it all depends on the builders that we can do it and how building they are because we'll also be doing this in like an online setting.  So it's, I mean, we can, but kind of like comes down to how how nailed we can like keep these builders to the timelines and how dedicated they are to like actually achieving them more than anything else.  Um, I think.

30:00 - Alex Lumley
  So from my perspective, what Don said, further elaborated on what we heard in Brooker Ridge on how it's not just that teams don't know how to build agents, it's that teams, it'll be very difficult for different teams to interact to build an agent, unless we give them the framework and infrastructure.  As an example, Ember could build a swarm of agents. Ember, when you add the complexity of working within the registry and working with other teams, it increases the coordination cost of doing all that.  All that being said, I think Jonathan's point, this ties back to our Wednesday brainstorming, where we think about what is our North Star, what do we have to kind of validate as we're going towards TV, what are some of our biggest risks and our biggest things we need to validate, which I dropped in the chat there, and then we can tie that all back as Matt kind of help us put together on the hackathon.  If these are the goals. things we want and the problems we need to start with and we're aligned on those, then we can figure out what we bring everything back from there.  But I think we can start thinking about that brainstorming session and then making sure that the potential how to whatever is called ties to that.  That makes sense.

31:17 - Disruption Joe (disruptionjoe.com)
  I think we can plan for that brainstorming session then to have the as part of it to be all about that pre-TG set up what we need to do.  Two of them, Daniello and Sebastian also said that they would rather see it seated somewhat to see some of the basic task agents already seated from us.  If it was a social media managers, one of the end users, like what's one of the basic things it does so all they have to worry about is like the planner and the workflow of it and that some of the things that it  hired in the motherboard out there. So they did kind of like the idea of being able to work with other people to build their agent to be able to use some things that we have preceded.  And that can be able to try and build some of their own extra things that are seated on there to fill out a list of tasks that that end user would want to have done.  And by setting some criterias or not criterias, but extra bonuses of things like utilizing a processor agent or a task agent that one of the other teams had developed would be like a cool and fun thing to do, they said, but they would be weary of thinking that that's the main point because they don't have any sense of if they could win by doing that.  They have sense of being able to work hard and win building out their agent to do more and more of the tasks, not by being able to use the mother board.  That's our validation, not there's basically what they're saying.

33:03 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  So what I want to do is we're going to recommend we like table this for now. What it sounds like is like Wednesday we have this initial workshop.  The next big decision that comes after that is that we start planning for what to do post staff because if we have all these funds available for us, we can start determining how much is going to go into a potential hackathon that can help us validate this tech.  But also for example, like if we're seeing that this tech is still like weeks off, it's not not like a major issue and we're getting questions from like potential investors are ahead of the main token sale.  how does this thing actually work? Then I've already designed like a pilot program that literally matches like we had it like as you know, had a chat with Eliza on Thursday.  They have like a builder studio. They're like waiting for projects, like cool projects, so we could easily connect them with  some group who's ready to have AI agents automate a workflow and we just facilitate that process through the motherboard and we see if we can work and we can throw money at those situations.  If that's something that will actually be beneficial to us. I'm not saying that's what we want to do. I want to think through that with you all.  don't know what all the implications are but I think that once we have this, I keep saying this, this conversation on Wednesday and we'll have more clarity in terms of like what are our fastest ways to market given product constraints and maybe coach as well for Wednesday getting more clear on I know you present a roadmap on the what we ship call but actually getting more clear on timing like what does it really look about to have a V1 registry ready to go for you know we talked about April like 420 as a launch date like what needs to be true for us to really hit that date and yeah and what needs to be true for it to be relatively functional at the floor a token launch in need  to be ready before a token launch. In my opinion, we need to have some sort of level of MVP, even better fun for every event before a token launch.  So that's my request to push for Wednesday. Finally, I'm on that.

35:18 - Disruption Joe (disruptionjoe.com)
  All right. On spending funds per staff, other things that I wanted to get, like even sooner maybe since we have the node thing, is there's this dude, Stan is building tech.  He needs like a 10K in a right away. And then I do know about the website, what's the same?  don't think there's something there. And then there's like the required entity and legal that is more like a 100K ish that.  Needs to be paid off like as the staff's come in and then But I thought is to speed it up we do like a 10k per person like quick payment and then You know then like catch up on payments Uh Half right Are there any other things that any of you are aware about that we need to like stand is like top of my mind for like today Like we need to put a line on the we need a line on the budget, you know, like I briefly spoke A sync with you, but the lawyer sent us $60,000 bill recently So like we need to really have this stuff organized in a in a in a budget.

36:58 - Matt Wright (GaiaNet)
  I hadn't seen anything to spread

37:00 - Disruption Joe (disruptionjoe.com)
  cheat that kind of links to OKRs and ROI.

37:05 - Matt Wright (GaiaNet)
  So I'll put that together. But I think just everything's a bit lost in a lot of documents. We need to have this structured in Q1, P2 level spreadsheet.  let's run it. think you and I got some clarity on the credit line needed to get the org up and running.  But some of these org costs that have impacted what we can do with engineering. So I want to make sure we're extremely lean and we can see or see what's happening before it becomes additional.  But yeah, that's my only thing in my head is Stan, the legal bill that there's token dynamics. And I think that's about it.  Yep.

37:58 - Disruption Joe (disruptionjoe.com)
  And that real quick for you guys. I don't know if you mentioned already, sorry, I would like to call.

38:02 - Matt Wright (GaiaNet)
  I want us to move to Slack. think the rest of you are missed. We'll let them know if there's some progress on that.

38:14 - Disruption Joe (disruptionjoe.com)
  That's what I'm hearing it. So there is no progress on those from my tribe.

38:21 - Puncar
  No, I'm not asking if there's progress. I know that's the first you're hearing.

38:27 - Disruption Joe (disruptionjoe.com)
  But would you be able to take that off of the Slack, really? I know.

38:35 - Matt Wright (GaiaNet)
  What's the alternative to Slack?

38:37 - Puncar
  What's the alternative? Like the legitimate alternative?

38:40 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  That's not this word. Like, I would call it this word.

38:45 - Disruption Joe (disruptionjoe.com)
  This word?

38:46 - Puncar
  Let me tell you about this word's search function, okay?

38:49 - Matt Wright (GaiaNet)
  It is absolute garnish.

38:51 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  If you miss a conversation, you will not find it again. Okay. Okay. Well, the first, like we already agreed, last call.
  ACTION ITEM: Setup Slack workspace for core team (~15 people). Use personal credit card if needed. - WATCH: https://fathom.video/share/-fWjQd5FcyqwSyxAz_oCSztHcsBnFm_d?timestamp=2340.9999

39:00 - Puncar
  We would mostly work on an option for all the discussion about projects and everything. So this will be just a communication too, but not actually discussion about stuff.  yes, we can definitely do slag, do we need to, everyone in favor of it or is there any concerns?  Put up a sum up or a sum down if you're in favor of something.

39:24 - Disruption Joe (disruptionjoe.com)
  Very yes, slag.

39:25 - Matt Wright (GaiaNet)
  And it should be small group only, like this is technically the foundation, so this should be no more than like 15 people.  This is like, like, an advisor shouldn't be brought into this, it should just be like core operator team. yeah, so like, hopefully the hope is we don't use it that often, but I want to move us away from telegram because I'm just, I think everyone's gotten away lost.  I've collected a lot of feedback from books and for like team operations, it just seems like people end up getting deterred from control.  Kubernetes is they, you know, get lost. Um, okay. I know it sucks. I didn't see it.

40:08 - Disruption Joe (disruptionjoe.com)
  Some others.

40:08 - Puncar
  So we can, we can definitely do that, uh, it will be ready. I'll go by next week and like, we will be ready and we can move it.  Thanks. Yeah. If you need me to put a credit card down, I can do that.

40:22 - Disruption Joe (disruptionjoe.com)
  Um, let's, um, let's hold off on that because I think we, if we are getting funds in, like tomorrow or Wednesday, they're fine with us taking, um, those two days.  So we might not even need like other credit cards and so forth and credit lines and so forth. We can just get the loan, uh, signed back to Gaia and, you know, move forward with having like the funds available, um, sounds good to me.

40:55 - Puncar
  I would like to move from my grandpa. Yeah, I would like to migrate to SAP.

41:00 - Matt Wright (GaiaNet)
  Like, whatever is quick to sound, don't even need to wait for lot of stuff. Like, it's, like, funny, maybe 50 bucks a month for the slide.  So I'm not super concerned.

41:09 - Disruption Joe (disruptionjoe.com)
  Yeah. Like, we can switch the card out, like, in a month, it's not a deal.

41:18 - Matt Wright (GaiaNet)
  Long as it doesn't stall us out.

41:20 - Disruption Joe (disruptionjoe.com)
  I don't think it will.

41:23 - Matt Wright (GaiaNet)
  I'll literally use my personal credit card. Yeah.

41:27 - Disruption Joe (disruptionjoe.com)
  Well, it will be ready this week. OK. So I can come into that and we will see both credit.

41:33 - Puncar
  Probably do. Yes. Thank you, sir.

41:38 - Disruption Joe (disruptionjoe.com)
  Yeah, that's it. Um, the, uh, source calls are so out of, uh, OK, OK. Opposite. Anybody have anything that they want to just get out here this Monday?  I'll just check in with everybody before we jump off this call, make sure that there's not something that you have that is missing or you need to talk to everybody about.  And then the operators call, we'll start with Coach and Coach, Coach and Coach, stick with us for the opposite at the beginning and then we'll try to get you guys off right away so that we can plan all those workshops and everything and the timing to make sure that the rest of the runs clean for everybody else and you don't have to spend too much extra time.  When we do Zeta, I'll also say my quick blockers on my plate, let's go through it real quick.

42:38 - Matt Wright (GaiaNet)
  First and foremost, I got to do another sprint for the Mother Fundrais, the NFT cell and the general outreach with Coach.  Him and myself and Zeta are going to have a chat in like an hour just to get realigned on the road map and just make sure the fundraise, we have like quick calls to action.
  ACTION ITEM: Initiate $10k wire transfer to Stan. Get Sony to collect Stan's details and process. - WATCH: https://fathom.video/share/-fWjQd5FcyqwSyxAz_oCSztHcsBnFm_d?timestamp=2582.9999  I also have call later with James to get aligned on engineering, make sure we're all sort of there. I've just been gone for so long, so I'm just kind of getting real aligned.  And then the high priority there is that 10k for Stan. I'll get Sony on our team to start with that wire and get collected and sustain details.  Big blocker from my side and chatting with Mugen and Marfar, so Joe, you and I need have a chat on just kind of optimizing some of the foundation stuff.  I'm getting a lot of friction from the Gaia side of things, so I got to rein it in a little bit.  This legal bill really threw a wrench in the machine, so I need a chat today. It's not like detrimental, but we just need to get aligned.  If we're aligned on the loan and we're raising funds this week, we should be able to have those funds and then
  ACTION ITEM: Sync w/ Joe re foundation control, spending, $60k legal bill, credit line vs waiting for funds. - WATCH: https://fathom.video/share/-fWjQd5FcyqwSyxAz_oCSztHcsBnFm_d?timestamp=2636.9999

44:00 - Disruption Joe (disruptionjoe.com)
  Like, it shouldn't really affect the guy, uh, it is affecting guy because there's a 60,000 dollar bill in my name.

44:08 - Matt Wright (GaiaNet)
  So, um, I'll do respect like I'm, I'm taking, uh, back some control from the foundation. Um, United, sink on it.
  ACTION ITEM: Negotiate down $60k legal bill. Discuss with Matt re foundation control/spending. - WATCH: https://fathom.video/share/-fWjQd5FcyqwSyxAz_oCSztHcsBnFm_d?timestamp=2659.9999  Um, this is, this is the biggest bill is I'm not, this is, it's a serious money. Um, yeah, for reference, like our guy, a bill for a one year of work was a similar amount.  And this was like three months. So, did you see that don't negotiate in that in the chat there?

44:31 - Disruption Joe (disruptionjoe.com)
  Yeah, I'm going to, I'm going talk them down, it's cause for all dude, like I've been out of the loop.  I'm not like blaming you.

44:36 - Matt Wright (GaiaNet)
  not blaming anybody. Um, I'm just saying, you and I need to talk, um, um, you've done a good job.  So I'm just, I'm more pissed at that and presenting us that kind of bill, but anyways, um, it's  ridiculous.  But yeah, I'll get the credit line sign for you so we can move forward, but I just, I need to show some, re-control the foundation that some of investors aren't getting pissed off.  Um, uh, and yeah, I think that's pretty much.

45:03 - Disruption Joe (disruptionjoe.com)
  Oh, oh, and the other way, the other way would be to not sign the credit line and If all the entities are willing to wait for a few days as we get some funds coming in.  Um, know, no, it's fine. No, no, fine.

45:23 - Matt Wright (GaiaNet)
  It's just, it's just a matter of like the, um, Like the random like, uh, back office costs are just coming in.  Um, it looks bad on me if I let it get out of control. So I'm just having a, I've been just a little bit, um, Because, you know, uh, yeah, I just want to get this over the line.  So I'll optimize efficiency. I want to get this done. Uh, you and I just need to chat through Uh, how we approach this, but yeah, the last thing for me is the hackathon.  So, Um, I'm talking to Sabine this week, uh, former founder of angel hack. She would be down to jam on the hackathon.  But I think we mapped out a pretty good strategy in the Brekner challenge. So I don't know if want to work with me on it.
  ACTION ITEM: Organize sync w/ Alex, Kush, Matt re hackathon planning. Include Zena for partnerships. - WATCH: https://fathom.video/share/-fWjQd5FcyqwSyxAz_oCSztHcsBnFm_d?timestamp=2773.9999  I can start outlining how we want to start planning this. I don't think we need a ton of budget if we get good sponsors.  But we'll have to set up a dedicated call to chat through the hackathon. Yeah, we actually tried to vote that I think right before you got here.

46:26 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  So Alex, I would say Alex is so far and lead because he actually has a one-pager set up with a lot of the details already that just need to really get ironed out.  So maybe it's about you two coming together and Cush as well is going to be providing kind of like a more clear roadmap of what can actually be delivered in one because that's the hackathon is going to be largely dependent on what our product capabilities are.  So yeah, just to fill you in on the chat we had it right again. Amazing. Yeah, sorry I'm late again.

46:57 - Matt Wright (GaiaNet)
  That's helpful. Thank you.

47:02 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  So, yeah, as I'll follow up to that, it sounds like Alex Kush, me and Matt, for sure, we need to sink in the next couple of days to talk back and forth on it, but we need to do to make that real.  Yeah. Yep. make myself available. So, well, my God is pretty open, I'm all right, I'm very excited for it.

47:24 - Disruption Joe (disruptionjoe.com)
  All right, um, check it with everybody before we go here, uh, Zina and my coach, you need anything is anything you guys have all stick it, stick it on for us for a minute here.  We were going to drop in the top, we're going to drop in the top of the hour and then we'll see the props.  Yep.

47:50 - Xena Chernikova
  Yeah. Potentially, I would like to also join the hackathon conversation, uh, to at least be in a loop for the partnership side of things.  James Puker.

48:03 - Disruption Joe (disruptionjoe.com)
  Jameson and Puker.

48:07 - James Young (Collabü§ùLand)
  Uh, yeah, no, I just, uh, had a call with Dan and, uh, he, he, he's going to stop work on Wednesday if payment doesn't come through.  Uh, so, uh, appreciate a priority. More hand. Um, and I synced with Kush and, uh, we're chatting. So I don't think there are any blockers happen to answer.  Okay. Question. Uh, Puker and then Alex.

48:37 - Disruption Joe (disruptionjoe.com)
  Uh, no blockers.

48:38 - Puncar
  Um, one thing I prioritize is like the investor kind of outreach and partnerships over the contributor agreement. So if there is urgency and contributor agreement, please let me know.  We have it ready. just haven't started sending it over. I'm thinking it'd be really good to have him this week.

48:59 - Disruption Joe (disruptionjoe.com)
  Um. Yeah, Alex and I can.
  ACTION ITEM: Prep for Wed strategy workshop. Create agenda, time-box items, define desired outcomes. - WATCH: https://fathom.video/share/-fWjQd5FcyqwSyxAz_oCSztHcsBnFm_d?timestamp=2943.9999

49:05 - Alex Lumley
  I think that Wednesday brainstorming conversation will be really great as well as I believe you're kind of leading the brainstorming conversation, knowing what free work we should do to come prepare for the meeting will help drive that forward.  And then what we need to have as an outcome to that those are those would the biggest blockers to help us unlock everything, including for the next time.  Yeah. Oh, yeah, I think nothing else from my side.

49:32 - Kushagra Agarwal
  It's pretty much sorted. But yeah, would be good to go as Alex mentioned, we could have some kind of like context for the meeting so we can like time-box it and make sure we come out with like actual action levels from there.  Yeah, so we're gonna be prepping that a little bit right after this in the ops meeting.

49:48 - Disruption Joe (disruptionjoe.com)
  So that'll be nice and smooth. You got anything else there? No, I just think the the break off side.

50:00 - Matt Wright (GaiaNet)
  It's amazing, like I really appreciate everyone putting in kind of effort there.

50:03 - Disruption Joe (disruptionjoe.com)
  Feel very energized and aligned.

50:07 - Matt Wright (GaiaNet)
  I think we're going to the final stretch. We're just going to push. Final stretch to the next stretch.

50:18 - Disruption Joe (disruptionjoe.com)
  Excellent, excellent. Should we connect about the kind of aligned stuff? I just want to make sure that we're set for the success or we got to we need to get the fun good right away and be asking people like, hey, can you be shooting funds in?
