 
 
 
 
 
James Young - 00:00
 
 Really just going to focus on Alex because Alex has some of the information and then could coordinate with Kush as 
well. So Toby, we may not be able to get everything that you need from this call because there's some information 
Alex has and some information Kush has, but we can figure that out and so we can add that to the agenda. So while 
we wait for everyone else to join, I don't think Coach J is going to be joining today. But Tash, if there is any questions 
that you have, maybe we can start there and then I see Alex has just joined. Alex, there's some questions that Toby 
has. Toby is now full time with Gaia and we need to coordinate about the open registry. But let's first start out with 
Kosh, if that's okay. 
 
 
 
 
 
James Young - 00:47
 
 Toby, it just be a couple minutes and maybe this might be of interest so that you can catch up to understand where 
we are with Mother as well. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Tobiloba Adedeji - 00:54
 
 Yeah, for sure, no problem. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Natascha Tiotuico - 00:56
 
 Okay, so I checked the shared context. So we have the meetings going into the GitHub of the context sharing. I saw 
with your prompt you put it into a format which is the LLM txt. When I do the same prompts on my chatgpt, of course 
it looks much different and like it doesn't give me that nice detailed meeting structure when I input it. So. But I guess 
I just have to refine my prompting until I get something similar. 
 
 
 
 
 
James Young - 01:46
 
 Well, what you can do is you can actually take my shared link. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Natascha Tiotuico - 01:50
 
 Yeah. 
 
 
 
 
 
James Young - 01:51
 
 Feed that into ChatGPT and tell it to format it like that. 
 
 
 
 
Natascha Tiotuico - 01:55
 
 
 
 Okay. 
 
 
 
 
 
James Young - 01:56
 
 It will do it. So it's try to do, make the AI do as much work as possible. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Natascha Tiotuico - 02:03
 
 Okay. So what I would continue is go through our older meetings or should I just add all older meetings to the 
context sharing? 
 
 
 
 
 
James Young - 02:17
 
 I don't know how far back we want to go. I think maybe we can just start with this week and just start from here on 
moving forward for now. And then if there's any updates that require maybe referencing old meetings, we can just go 
back kind of as needed. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Natascha Tiotuico - 02:37
 
 Okay. Should I. Because I was thinking of the quiz meeting. I could look for that because that would help. 
 
 
 
 
 
James Young - 02:43
 
 Oh yeah, that would be good. That's right. That would be good. And then maybe, I don't know if the notion is available 
publicly. Maybe you have to cut and paste or export out as a PDF and then save those in. So there's some kind of 
manual housekeeping that needs to be done. We'll try and automate this over time. It's really a limit Of I think the 
notion API and the Fathom API and all of this. But what we want to do is figure out what these processes are for us. 
It might be a little bit slow going because manually cut and pasting or exporting or all of that, but that will then give 
us the insight on what we need to build from like a organizational agent to be able to automate this. And the idea is 
that it's all automated. 
 
 
 
 
 
James Young - 03:34
 
 Just like, you know, we have all these recorders joining the meetings and taking transcripts and things like that. We 
just need to now augment that so that everything is fully automated so that there's shared context for everyone. And 
this is just a step in that direction. And we're not going to figure it all out in one week, one month. But it's an iterative 
evolution that we'll go through here and we'll just take it step by step. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Natascha Tiotuico - 04:01
 
 Okay. And you don't need me to create LLMs out of that. You'll just take the raw material and turn it into that format. 
 
 
 
 
 
James Young - 04:13
 
 Yeah, I think that I'm still wondering. We do need like an LLMs TXT eventually, but I don't want to force it right now 
because I think what we're doing is we're going to be training our own agent here with all our meeting notes and the 
code base and the transcripts and the notion documents. And I think that we may. And we have to figure out how to 
like summarize this and the summary is what the LLMs TXT will be and maybe it's every release or milestone will 
have a LLMs TXT summarize that or something. I'm not exactly sure how that LLMs TXT summary comes in. I know 
it will be needed. So right now we'll just keep it as something that we need to be aware of rather than something that 
we need to take action on at the moment. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Natascha Tiotuico - 05:11
 
 Okay, great. I think that's it from my. Well, if we have the meeting tomorrow, maybe we could talk a bit of what we're 
going to show on Friday. Like I coach Jay and Alex mentioned that I could show a bit of this context sharing, but 
except for like asking for a summary or should I explain the use case? Like what are we expecting from that point as 
a team to show off? 
 
 
 
 
 
James Young - 05:52
 
 Yeah, I'm open to input here and feedback on. On how we should do that. Is there an ability to record the what we 
ship meetings or have an agent join the streamyard? Or maybe we just have. Oh, go ahead. Sorry. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Alex Lumley - 06:07
 
 We have the Riversides and to be honest, maybe that like we should be able to have and maybe it's something that 
Coach J came up with because I think he knows more about the Riverside. But we should have all of those MP3s 
and I believe we have transcripts from all those. And to be honest, those probably would be helpful context for the 
agent. So we can also load those into the GitHub. But in terms of. And then moving forward. Right. So for Friday we 
could take the transcript of that and then upload that to the GitHub. But Tasha, in terms of your question of like what 
to show for Friday, it's kind of up to you. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Alex Lumley - 06:47
 
 However you would, however you think we could show some value if you think we can do a mini test of something 
and say, hey, look, we've uploaded this everything to GitHub and now you can ask a few questions and see that and 
have a little demo, that would be awesome. But if you want to just show what this will become either way, it's up to 
you. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Natascha Tiotuico - 07:13
 
 Then I think I'll just map out the problem we had that we recognized what is slowing us down. I'll introduce like what 
we're doing to feed the agent and then maybe do some examples of questions that we would ask. I thought it was 
very like insightful for me when James said, oh, I can then ask about the quiz. So maybe I'll use that as an example, 
kind of like how to go through the quiz specs. Okay, I'll prepare that for Friday. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Alex Lumley - 07:54
 
 Thank you. I think that's awesome. And as you prepare that and then maybe in the future weeks, once we start to 
have it actually accessible for someone like James while he's working with Cursor, then that could be like a following 
what we shipped and show how James is actually leveraging our meetings within cursor development. But not. But, 
but that probably doesn't make sense for this week. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Natascha Tiotuico - 08:18
 
 Yeah. Okay, then I think I have my questions answered. If not, I'll come with more tomorrow. 
 
 
 
 
 
James Young - 08:30
 
 Awesome. Excellent. And I think, yeah, there's no new other update I'm still working on. This Orchestrator agent 
actually had a call with Altair last night and had their whole technical team on and they're going to share with me 
what they've done with the cross chain agent protocol called cap and we're working through that and that can help 
easily onboard a bunch of agents as well. It competes with Google's A to A. So what I'm exploring is like a bridge and 
CAP to eight. A bridge also there's a competing standard that NEAR has called aip, I believe it's called. And both of 
these actually have to do with payments. And that is what 8A is missing and what MCP is missing. And then I have a 
call tonight with Michael from Gaia. He has his open MCP server and trying to integrate that as well. 
 
 
 
 
 
James Young - 09:35
 
 So there's a bunch of reorganization and recontextualizing the starter kit with the kind of keeping up with the market 
of where the current development is. And so I need to think through that as well as I'm building out this Orchestrator 
agent for the quiz. But my site for the. My. My focus and my eyes are on. Focused on the site of just getting that like 
simple quiz agent through the slash ask command going. But there's some extra background text stuff that I want to 
make sure that I don't pigeonhole myself when building out the Orchestrator agent just requires a little bit of just me 
getting context. And so I had some meetings going to also talk with Cameron from Near because near is interested 
in what we're doing. Continued. So this is. 
 
 
 
 
 
James Young - 10:24
 
 I would consider more R and D work rather than straight implementation work. That said, we can move on to a 
second subject and this is why Toby is here. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Alex Lumley - 10:35
 
 Sorry, James, just one other note. All of those conversations that you're having as the R and D work, I assume you're 
recording those as well. Right? Because those would be phenomenal to also include into the GitHub and for context. 
 
 
 
 
 
James Young - 10:48
 
 Yeah, that's right. That's right. And this is all that shared context. Right. Because I have these meetings separate 
from just everyone else. And so this is where the gaps in knowledge and that context gets lost there. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Alex Lumley - 11:04
 
 How can we. How can we help you get those off your plate and upload those in the LLM text or do whatever. 
 
 
 
 
 
James Young - 11:12
 
 I don't. I think I just need to do what Tosh is doing. But for my recordings now. And it's just a autumn. Just a manual 
process for now. And I'll get sick of the manual process and we'll say how do we begin automating this? And that's 
where that need will start coming from. Just. And we'll figure out the best places for this to land. I'm thinking that 
GitHub is the best place because it has the most robust API because it's built for developers rather than like a 
notion. But that means we can output maybe an agent that does GitHub to post a notion. But I'd have to research 
these APIs as well. I have to buy code my way through it. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Alex Lumley - 11:53
 
 And what I'll just say is Tosh, I guess, like, since. Since you're kind of doing some of that pipeline work, I'll just ask 
you to make sure that James uploads all those. And then James, if you have trouble or like, because you have a lot 
on your plate, if you want to just upload those into Slack or Google Drive, whatever, in that manual process, then we 
can just pipe those into GitHub, whatever is easiest. I want to make sure we just don't lose those contacts because 
those ones are really important. As the team is starting to think about how to. How do we shape all this stuff. 
 
 
 
 
 
James Young - 12:20
 
 Yeah, yeah. I think we have to have a robust process there that will begin to automate as we, you know, have this 
agent synthetic led, embracing this synthetic LED Org process. And that's kind of how we are reorienting ourselves 
at Mother. And maybe this is something that we can talk to at a high level during the Friday meeting. Just doing a 
time check. We're about halfway through. Toby joined today's meeting because Toby now is full time at Gaia and is 
looking to see how he can get access to the registry. I know that we have the starter kit and that is fully developed. 
The starter kit has been forked by Mother and so the MOTHER has all the kind of registry information and how that 
is all hooked up, but that parts of that information. 
 
 
 
 
 
James Young - 13:21
 
 So just to give you some context, so Geeta started it and then it was handed over to Kush, but both Geeta and Kush 
were no longer with Mother. And so there's some information that I don't have in context that requires some 
coordination, mainly from Kush. But I will ask Kush to be in tomorrow's call at this time. And so anticipating 
tomorrow's call, I know that we had also moved on to this fast track program. And Alex, I know that you've been 
working on that as well, but I think it requires some context from Kush because Toby hasn't asked. I'll let you take 
over, Toby, and then, you know, state what you're looking for. 
 
 
 
 
Tobiloba Adedeji - 14:04
 
 
 
 Okay, so great. I'm working on like a coordination agent that would use the Collab Land Starter Kids framework as 
well as Gaia for inference and as a layer. So essentially what I'm trying to develop is an agent that would work with 
the Gaia registry and that also uses Open MCP Gaia and the Collab Land framework. So I sort of need the model, 
sort of integration, the current state at the current state So I need to have like that information, like how do you, how 
do the agents. How do the agents work directly with the registry or there. Is there any other orchestration things that 
are going on to, you know, maybe sort of handle my requirements with the coordination agent I'm working on. So 
that's essentially what any like documentation or repo that sort of has enough information would be useful. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Alex Lumley - 15:05
 
 Yeah. 
 
 
 
 
 
James Young - 15:09
 
 And Alex, can you help Toby point him in the right direction? What is your context there? 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Alex Lumley - 15:15
 
 So you're looking for, if I understand correctly, you're looking for like any repo on the starter kit, correct? 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Tobiloba Adedeji - 15:23
 
 No, no. Any report on like the mother or any resources rather on like the MOTHER agent integration. Because what I 
sort of need is access to the registry. I need to ensure that the agents that I'm developing is able to, from maybe a 
Gaia domain that built for model work directly with the registry. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Alex Lumley - 15:47
 
 So. So we don't really have any necessarily documentation because a lot of what happened in terms of getting quote 
unquote, like really we only have two agents that are integrated. Right. It's like Ember and maybe some part of 
Smoodle. But a lot of those we didn't do any documentation because Kush was just having those conversations. And 
then we asked teams. Like the fast track ended up being we need two endpoints. We need your endpoint and. 
 
 
 
 
 
James Young - 16:20
 
 We need. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Alex Lumley - 16:21
 
 Wherever you would have this national language processing endpoint and we need the call response model. Those 
would be the only two things that we really asked for. So we don't have any necessarily documentation on that 
registry. And James is kind of where we ended up was weren't able to get agents on there fast enough. So then all of 
a sudden we decided, so now we're focusing on Discord and we decided let's first get the orchestrator set up so that 
we can have a demo so teams can see, oh, this is where we come in and this is where we kind of go into that. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Alex Lumley - 16:52
 
 So all that is to say is that if your constraints are you want whatever you're building to be able to work with the 
registry, then I would say what James is building today is more likely to be something that enables you to be for the 
registry. Is that fair, James? 
 
 
 
 
 
James Young - 17:17
 
 Yeah, that is true. I have some feedback there, but I don't want to get into solutionizing. But I saw Tasha, you had 
your hand raised. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Natascha Tiotuico - 17:27
 
 Well, I was going to say something similar to Alex. Like, I think as long as we go towards MCP A2A, those kind of 
connections between agents that would be the way to go probably to register for the future MOTHER infrastructure 
that we're building right now. 
 
 
 
 
 
James Young - 17:48
 
 Yeah. And also it's kind of further complicated because Kush has several forks. And also, and part of those forks, 
Toby, are that like there was this X Card implementation using collabland account Kit that allows you to spin up a 
wallet or a smart account on X directly without having to leave X. And that is a separate fork than what's happening 
on the Registry side. But I think that's informative. And as Alex was saying, I don't. We don't have a lot of 
documentation. So I think the kind of, most straightforward kind of way to get what you want, Toby, is to. I'm going to 
ask Kush to be in tomorrow's meeting, the standing meeting for tomorrow. 
 
 
 
 
 
James Young - 18:41
 
 I'm going to give him some context and I'll share this recording with him and we'll save this to GitHub so people in 
the future could also then kind of share this context as well. And I think what we're doing at Collab Land is we're 
turning the account kit into the MCP server. We're going to take, and this is what I'm doing now, parts of the starter 
kit, what we build with Intuition, Recall and Nevermind, that will be in the MOTHER MCP server as well. That can 
integrate with what Michael's doing. This is what. I'm going to have a call with Michael tonight in the open mtp 
because he has some payment stuff and things like that. And how do we converge all of that into one easy to digest 
devex experience? 
 
 
 
 
 
James Young - 19:32
 
 And maybe that, Toby, is what you could work on for your mandate for whatever the orchestration that you're doing. 
Because that Orchestrator agent probably would want to ingest the Collab Land MCP which has. And then the 
MOTHER MCP which will have the registry and then the open MCP service as well. And instead of just reading the 
documentation, let's collaborate so we can just focus on the execution so that you can create this Orchestrator 
agent. And if it's all MCPized, then you can integrate that. But I don't want to block you either. So, like, I think it 
requires a conversation with Kush because there's just a bunch of repos at Kush's fork that and different. And he 
knows. And I have a recording where he reviewed the X card implementation with me that I'm using for the 
Orchestrator agent that we're building for mother. 
 
 
 
 
 
James Young - 20:37
 
 So there may. There's some Context that I think will help you. And you need to get up to speed. The documentation 
doesn't exist, so that's not going to help you with the context. So instead of getting writing documentation so that 
you can have context, let's just have a real time conversation tomorrow. Prep Kush for it and have him understand 
what you want so that we can provide that context to you as soon as possible. Because I think just reading the 
documentation and all of that is kind of the old way of like, you know, getting context. Two. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Alex Lumley - 21:14
 
 Two things I'd recommend is that one, Toby, if you could elaborate a little more on. On what the orchestra is and 
what you're looking for, two is that, James, if you have that call where Kush went into more detail about the X card, 
you could just send it toby. I think that would speed up the conversation tomorrow because this has also been three 
or four weeks since Kush remembers everything, so he's gonna have a hard time keeping everything fresh. So I 
would say those two things would speed up the combo tomorrow. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Tobiloba Adedeji - 21:43
 
 Yeah, even code works too. Like if you can share repos with me, I can just read through the code or even that video 
also to sort of give me, honestly, what I want is a lot of context and to understand how the current tech works, to see 
how I can plug into it as much as possible. 
 
 
 
 
 
James Young - 22:03
 
 Yeah, can you tell me. Put your email. I'll share the link with you. The Fathom video that I have with Kush right now, 
before I forget. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Tobiloba Adedeji - 22:16
 
 Yeah, I just sent it to the chat here. Oh, wait, let me give you the other one. They can send it to this one. So I'll just get 
back. 
 
 
 
 
James Young - 22:29
 
 
 Okay, so I'm going to share that with you right now. And then, yeah, you should get it. And then you should be able to 
get the recording and the transcript and everything from Fathom. I think. Yeah, it's a little. It's a little sensitive. I think 
there might be some private information like tokens and keys and things like that. So just please keep it private. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Tobiloba Adedeji - 22:56
 
 Yeah, no problem. And if I sign in with Google, I still get access to this. 
 
 
 
 
 
James Young - 23:02
 
 Sign in with Google. You should. Yeah. With that email that you sent the guy in it. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Tobiloba Adedeji - 23:08
 
 Okay. Okay. Yeah, I have access. I'll watch it. I'll watch it. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Alex Lumley - 23:11
 
 Toby, could you also give us a little bit more background on kind of what you're building? 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Tobiloba Adedeji - 23:17
 
 So I'm like a coordination agent. So the agent is capable of executing certain model. I mean, working directly with 
the model registry. So essentially the agent registry that Model currently has, but then the agent is able to leverage 
like MCP and is built with the Collab Land framework, you know, and also uses Gaia. So the agent is able to like sort 
of manage a few other agents within the registry and or certain operations. I'm still sort of like scoping context on 
this, but I was just trying to figure out like because I. Because some of the components within the project was 
model. So I wanted to see where Moda had gotten to and then I. I mean I had some information on. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Tobiloba Adedeji - 24:04
 
 I mean open MCP already has a doc the Collab framework as like a GitHub, but I wanted to get up to speed with how 
Model currently works to see the feasibility and sort of know how to attack it. 
 
 
 
 
 
James Young - 24:24
 
 Awesome. Excellent. Let me Kush. I'm just typing to Kush right now. Any. Anything else that we want to discuss? I 
think this is just kind of a status update. Maybe we can give a few minutes back here and tomorrow we can set it up. 
I'm going to. I'm texting kush in telegram DMing him right now to see if he can. Can you join the Mother Daily sync 
tomorrow? Some questions regarding different repos I shared with Toby the walkthrough walk through we did the 
other day. All right, so I texted Kush and so hopefully he'll be joining tomorrow. I'll follow up with him. I don't know if 
there's anything else. I know Coach Jay wasn't going to be. Oh, sorry. Go ahead. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Tobiloba Adedeji - 25:29
 
 Yeah, I said I'll be amazing. Thank you. 
 
 
 
 
 
James Young - 25:32
 
 Yeah, yeah. And I know Coach Jay is not joining today, but he'll be joining tomorrow. Tomorrow we'll talk a bit more 
and maybe use the time and maybe take some of that Async as well if it gets too technical because we'll set up also 
for tomorrow's agenda, what we're going to present on Friday. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Alex Lumley - 25:52
 
 Yep. And I. I have one other thing maybe but just for Tosh. Tosh. Maybe if we could do another Google me just to talk 
for a few minutes. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Natascha Tiotuico - 26:01
 
 Yeah, let's do that. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Alex Lumley - 26:03
 
 Cool. And James, I just sent you a DM in Slack, but sounds good. We'll talk to you guys later. 
 
 
 
 
 
James Young - 26:09
 
 Awesome. Excellent. Thanks everyone. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Alex Lumley - 26:11
 
 Slack. 
 
 
 
 
 
James Young - 26:12
 
 All right, bye. Sa it. Sa. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Alex Lumley - 33:16
 
 It. 
 
 
 
 
 
James Young - 43:55
 
 It. 
 
