Mother Daily Standup - April 14
VIEW RECORDING - 46 mins (No highlights): https://fathom.video/share/eaV7U-LenbMJbEggHxGA_k8egx6WPMyF

---

0:00 - James Young (Collabü§ùLand)
  Do cough. But okay, I think Alex is here. Let's begin. So, hey, everyone. So I think what we wanted to do was spend the weekend and get a strategy going with regards to what we want to do and how we want to go to market.  Matt and I were not able to get a hold of each other because of the time zone difference, but I'm going to be speaking with him today, this afternoon, just to get some clarification organizationally, just to make sure that he's, like, caught up to speed.  But based off of the meeting that we had on Friday and just trying to get a bit more centralized, quote unquote, in terms of leadership, I think I have a good understanding of where we want to go.  So I was hoping to speak with Matt to kind of get buy off, but because I have. And just to move this conversation along forward, I'm just going to assume that everything is going to be okay.  So what we're going to talk about in this meeting, let's just assume that we're ready to go. If there's any changes or updates or nuances based off of my conversation with Matt this evening, he's in Korea, so there's just a time zone issue.  I'll bring them up in tomorrow's meeting. But so this is, let's move forward. Let's not block and just assume, ask forgiveness and not permission, is the kind of mantra here.  So with that pause, see if there's any questions or burning issues or things that we want to bring up before we jump into this.

1:45 - Alex Lumley
  I just dropped in the group, a document that I made and reviewed with Coach Jay of like, maybe a little bit higher level approach of like, what are kind of go-to-market.  And then a couple of items that we saw for this week we could focus on. Sorry, James, I just sent that to you earlier, but this is like, either way, we need to figure out where to focus for this week, and this is something that we can kind of talk through with that document.  Okay. Yeah, this is the first I'm seeing of it.

2:19 - James Young (Collabü§ùLand)
  I'm trying to figure out what would be the best use of our collective time since I haven't read this yet.  And what we can do, so Alex, you had a meeting with Coach J, so you guys are synced up, and this is what you guys came up with?

2:36 - Alex Lumley
  Yeah. So maybe... And I think, James, maybe the best thing is, you tell us what you think are the things we need to focus on, and I'll tell you if there's anything different.  Yeah, I have a feeling it's going to be very aligned.

2:49 - James Young (Collabü§ùLand)
  Okay, so you guys want to lead this off instead of me since this is my first look at it?  Yeah. I'm going to be camera off for a minute because I just have to blow my... Sure.

2:59 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  Alex, you might... Do want me to walk through it, or do you want to do it? Yeah, if you could just walk through it, because I'm not on my computer.  Yeah, let me walk through it at a really high level, basically, okay? So what we're essentially aligning on, while this document is really clear, and basically, the Collab LAN integration is our launchpad to demonstrate immediate real-world value.  We're all aligned on that, I think, right now. What we're going to do is we're going to focus on grant, like in terms of our funding strategy, we're going to focus on grant funding in the short term, and we're going to talk about that shortly, and how we can do that to help fund us.  And then more in the long term, once we actually have that market traction, we can look at VCs and stuff like that, because that's what they really want.  And what we're going to be doing is, basically, what I wanted to walk you through was, basically, the go-to-market focus.  One thing that we've been doing is we've been starting to target more of these marketplaces. We've been having more of these conversations.  Because we see these as easy wins. You can get- One marketplace on, you get hundreds of agents. And instead, what we're realizing in these agent conversations is that most of these agents don't even have MCP ready to go.  They're not developed projects, and they're not ready to roll. And marketplaces might be a really easy access to them.  And one thing we're noticing is that these marketplaces need a little bit of help to kind of understand what it is that we're doing.  And we're hoping by getting aligned on this, we can do that. So basically, the idea is that we're going to focus on, actually, I really hate this document for presenting it.  I'm, like, getting confused presenting it. I think this is better to read. Can I share something else instead of, like, how we're thinking about this?  I have this friend here. This is Alex. This is the document. Everyone should read that document. It's more of, like, a thing to make sure that we're all aligned.  But basically, like, this is in one slot. And what we're going to do is by connecting to Mother, your marketplace gets access to 150 million Discord users.  That's kind of like the overarching thing, right? We have a marketplace, which is our supply. They have the agents, right?  They connect to the Mother Registry, which is curing these agents. They're creating, you know, an on-chain reputation, blah, blah, blah.  It's connecting to Collabland, which is acting as our orchestrator, and ultimately connecting us to these token-related communities, right? So these agents are offering their services to these communities, and these communities are the demand generating these requests.  And what the Notion document goes over is talking about the value for each of these people. What's the value for a marketplace, and how are we going to position that?  What's the value for these communities, and how are we going to position that? So it's worth reading it, because that's going to clarify our messaging and stuff like that.  But I think this captures, essentially, what we're going to be focusing We're on doing over at least the next several weeks, and then over the next several months, again, it's in the document, it's going to talk about how we're just focused on the mother discord for now, but this will expand into many different other communities.  Help out there. Oh, James, can you unmute? Sorry.

6:22 - James Young (Collabü§ùLand)
  I 100% align on this, and I think this is the overall goal, and so let's just assume this to be a fact.  Now, assuming that this is a fact, you don't have to convince me that we should do this. The purpose, I think, of this meeting and what I want to set context for is how do we get here?  How do we get the agents into 150 million people, right? They're not 150 million booking-gated communities.

6:55 - Alex Lumley
  They're 150 million users.

6:58 - James Young (Collabü§ùLand)
  So, so... Yeah, it's just, but I understand what you're saying. So we need the curated registry so that the Collab laund communities can entrust that the bots that are being presented are already curated, but we don't have a curated registry yet because we need a token for the curated registry because a DAO doesn't work without a token.  And that is where the TGE will be the, whenever it is, be that opening, assuming that we'll have enough agents supply-wise to then do this TGE, the Collab laund bot will only use agents that have been verified through the registry, which we're not there yet.  So it requires a TGE, requires a DAO, requires the Curator Registry, okay, so we're not there. So what we're talking about is, how do we get there?  there. Okay? We have a test token, we have the mother discord, and we have a fast track program. So I think that's how we start this, the road to 150 million users.  Okay? So let's break that down. So let's talk about how do we take this big North Star, what is our next step for this week?  So we know where we want to go, but we need to now take the first step in that direction.  This is in the horizon, we see that this happening is going to happen. Now, I agree with you in terms of getting the marketplaces, because that's the most bang for our buck, because we need to start either on the demand side or the supply side.  We already have the beginning of demand with the mother discord. that knows, knows. the That's But demand is only going to be generated if we have some supply.  We're kickstarting this meta marketplace. So we're not a marketplace. We're going to deal with marketplaces and we want to start.  And also, at the same time, we are shifting from talking to investors because investors are a bit later stage.  I would think that if I reflect back on what we have been doing, trying to court investors, we've gotten good feedback.  It seems like we're too early for investment. So now, let's say, let's get grants. Grants are free money, essentially.  There's KPIs, so there's accountability. But it's potentially free money if we meet these milestones. And that incentivizes the ability for us to then work with these foundations because the foundations and these  Grant, why would they want to give us grants? They want transaction volume on their chain. All these Alt-L1s and Alt-L2s are competing from a user-based perspective for chain usage now that their chains have been built.  So I think our first step, get the marketplaces, and then also, how do we secure and can set ourselves up for the most transaction volume possible?  So I think that's the context in which we start this conversation, if everyone can agree, just to kind of get our baselines.  And Alex, you have your hand raised? Yeah, I just dropped an aside there.

10:49 - Alex Lumley
  And I agree with the context, James. What I see for the four things that we would do this week, or targets for this week, would be to have an orchestrator prototype.  One is, like, because... We just need something that's real enough to show people, GigBot, Ember, Olaas, Gaia, something, and it's creating a demo for some sort of value pop, right?  And then onboarding a marketplace, Olaas, I spoke to Olaas today, and they're down to give us a few agents, maybe near, maybe somebody else, but having that like initial supply side.  The third thing is approach ecosystem grants and basically define what is the value that we would give them and then can we get to multiple.  And the fourth thing is just an agreement on the roadmap of the one pager and kind of how we're resetting on these things.  But to me, those are the four things, like the three to four things that we need to focus on for this week.  Yeah.

11:34 - James Young (Collabü§ùLand)
  So what I would say in terms of priority, in order to like get all of these four topics, which I agree is a good goal for this week, is we focus specifically on near because they're not only an agent marketplace, but they're also a chain.  So it's a twofer. And so try to optimize our time, right? And we have Cameron as an advisor. Thank you.  Thank you. you. So I agree with that. And I would say, so I wasn't privy to the conversation with Olos, so I don't know where to put them in the priority.  So I let Alex and Coach Jay kind of figure out what that priority is. I would say that Nier is probably just not having the context of Olos is number one priority because they can actually give a grant as a chain and they have like hundreds of agents.  And Cameron is also an advisor to Mother. So that seems like the lowest hanging fruit, but I see Alex has his, I don't know if you still have your hand raised Alex, but then I know 08 has his hand up as well.  Go for it.

12:45 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  Go for Do you want to chime in 08? Yeah, sure.

12:49 - Razvan Matei Popescu
  So I can say I can chip in on the technical stuff and like strategy, but like organizationally, like should.  Shouldn't kind of try to adapt, like, if we're the only people left, shouldn't we kind of prune or, like, get tighter, I don't know if that's immediate, but, like, it just, I don't know, eliminate some uncertainty there, like, for me it was, like, hard to comprehend, but, like, now it's not, because, like, if we're the only core people working on this, like, it should be really easy, but, like, I don't know if we, like, should have, like, large Telegram groups to discuss it, or, like, the summoners, or even in the discourse, because there are people that have roles that are not, no longer active, and, yeah, so just optimizing the small alert things.  Yeah, that's a great point.

13:48 - James Young (Collabü§ùLand)
  I think what Matt wanted to do, from my understanding, is move from Telegram to Slack. So, I think we have our core conversations now in Slack, and I think, Zeret, you are now.  So I would say from a core team perspective, let's try and focus our messaging in Slack, because that is the core team now.  I don't have an opinion on whether or not we should shut down the telegrams or we should prune them or what.  But I think that from a communication perspective, Zero8, you bring up a good point. And I would say let's just focus, you know, getting everyone that is in this room or in this chat on Slack and just focusing on Slack communication.  And then as a separate topic, decide what we want to do with the telegram, whether it's the summoners, whether it's that wider group or the public group.  I don't have an opinion on that, but we should have. don't have to. Thank Someone in charge of, like, who's going to, like, decide.  I think, yeah, I don't know who would be the best person to decide that. Maybe it's Matt. I don't know.  I really don't have an opinion. So I'm open to whoever wants to take that on.

15:21 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  Duocracy, 08, if you're seeing if this is something you want to do, then go make the proposal, suggest, and then we can.  Just to get it approved and move on. Where do I propose?

15:34 - Razvan Matei Popescu
  In the Slack.

15:36 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  the Slack. okay.

15:37 - Razvan Matei Popescu
  I don't think it's bad if we have, so my suggestion was mainly to prune the Discord for the people that are no longer active.  So, because, like, we have, like, community managers, some channels, this and that, like, those can be, like, I don't think those need to be proposed, like, if the people are no longer here.  On the Telegram side, like, maybe. maybe if the ordained summoners see that we're continuing to build, maybe in time they will also shift their minds and, I don't know, join us.

16:12 - Alex Lumley
  I would propose that this organizational stuff, we're going to have to figure it out, but I think the more immediate thing is what are we doing this week in terms of the orchestrator and setting up the orchestrator and the grants and those couple things.  Yeah, can we actually go through this list?

16:28 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  I think that this list that Alex put together is like a good setup of like what it is that we want to be focused on.  think everyone's work, a lot of our work is here. So Alex, you mentioned specifically about building the orchestrator and it finalized in this demo with Ember and GigBot, because that would be super helpful for people to be able to like tangibly see what it is that we're doing in the Discord, right?  So who is, James, is that kind of in your camp? Are you leading that? Is that something that like he took and work on?  Like what are your thoughts around that? Yeah. Let me tie up 08.

17:01 - James Young (Collabü§ùLand)
  I didn't know that you were talking about Discord. I thought you were sending Telegram. But whoever is in charge of the Discord, I'd leave it up to them to prune and whatever.  And I think just talking about how we communicate and where the core communication is, I think let's move to Slack and let's get Natascha in the Slack as well and we can start focusing there.  And then going back now to Coach Jay and Alex's document here, Immediate Next Steps. I did have a conversation with Ember.  They're not quite ready yet. They don't want to use the agent that's on the registry. talked with Tom. He wants to use their MCP service instead, but there's a slight modification required in order to use our MCP service.  So we're a little bit on hold and dependent on them. So if we use Ember, we're on a slight dependency.  If we use GigBot, we can go right now. That brings up another question. Who's going to do the work?  We don't have Kush. I can try and help out, but my time is very limited as well. We don't have Toby.  We don't have Kush. We don't have Geeta. So we are now resource constrained on the engineering side, and we're going to have to figure that out.  So there's a blocker and an outstanding question there. I can try and fill the gap as much as I can.  So let me get back to you on that. There was, this weekend, what I really wanted to do is understand Google's A2A and how that will dovetail in with what we're doing in terms of MCP and how we move forward with the orchestrator agent.  Okay. So there's some questions there still, but so that that's an outstanding question to be able to, and I understand the goal is to get a demo.  started. get started. So that we can have a reference implementation that you guys can sell to other agent devs or marketplaces.  So that's still outstanding. So I don't know exactly. Yeah, we're just resource constrained on the engineering side.

19:16 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  We essentially don't have engineers.

19:20 - Alex Lumley
  One of the questions I have for you then, James, is this orchestrator or bot? Is this like, depending on if it belongs to Mother or to Collabland, if some of this is belonging to Collabland, then maybe it makes sense for Geeks to potentially work on it.  Yeah, it's not on the Collabland roadmap.

19:41 - James Young (Collabü§ùLand)
  And we're tied up until the end of Q2, which is the issue.

19:46 - Alex Lumley
  Okay.

19:49 - James Young (Collabü§ùLand)
  And so this is why I have to talk with Matt about it. I don't, or if anyone has anyone else engineering, like this is why initially I was like, okay, this is a mother agent.  Cause I know bandwidth side, we don't have. I can stretch myself, but for people like Geeta and other devs, they don't have the kind of flexibility, I guess, because I think Geeta is still trying to get his contributor agreement signed.  He didn't even have even the contributor agreement signed. So that was a disruption Joe or a car issue that I didn't have any insight into.  So that's another reason I need to talk with Matt. And Geeta is not wanting to put in other extra time on mother because he originally did, assuming that the contributor agreement would be signed, but it's not.  It's not even like getting any payment. just like acknowledging him as a mother contributor. Gotcha. So that's an outstanding issue.  issue. Now. I was just focused on the dev side, on the engineering side, and I think the whole HR aspect of Mother was being punted from Disruptionjoe to Punkar, back to Disruptionjoe, and now Disruptionjoe and Punkar not here, so it falls under Matt.  I don't know what Matt is thinking, and I wasn't able to get a hold of him. So I think organizationally, from an HR perspective, that needs to be settled first.  Else, I don't know who and how people are going to, from an engineering side, take on this work. Yep.

21:36 - Alex Lumley
  Zero-Aid, you had your hand up? Yeah, I also do not have a contributor agreement.

21:41 - Razvan Matei Popescu
  I don't know if I need one at the moment, but just saying. I think you do.

21:46 - James Young (Collabü§ùLand)
  I think it should be cleared and be transparent, because if there's fuzziness around it, then expectations aren't set correctly.  And it may just be a matter of protocol, but I I think it's good practice, and I think we should stick to good, you know, best practices here.  So this is something that we need to, like, straighten out. And I'm focused more on the engineering side, but this, I think, applies to everyone that's part of Mother as well.  And this is where I thought it was handled and taken care of, but it looks like there's some outstanding issues still left.  And I want everyone to be clear. I mean, that's just my personal style. I like to be as transparent and clear and set expectations, else things fall through the cracks.  And there's a lot of cracks that need to, not on just the engineering side, but organizationally, from an HR perspective, that need to be clear first.  I have a call with Matt tomorrow.

22:48 - Razvan Matei Popescu
  He reached out. I don't know why specifically. Should I assume it's about that or another topic? Oh, yeah.

22:57 - James Young (Collabü§ùLand)
  I have no idea. I haven't talked to Matt. Thank you. Thank I can't speak for him. I'm assuming it has to do with that.  But I could be wrong. I don't know. I haven't coordinated with Matt.

23:10 - Alex Lumley
  So either way, given the constraint, James, given the constraint, think we talked about the focus should be on orchestrator, grant proposals, and then the marketplace partners, right?  I know there's a call on Friday here, and it seems like we can potentially work with NEAR either way.  The question will be about getting grants and funding from them. I think the bigger question for you would be around how we set up the orchestrator, depending on if we have NEAR or GigBot or where to focus first.

23:46 - James Young (Collabü§ùLand)
  Well, I mean, yeah, so it's an interesting kind of, how do we chicken and egg this? Because... Because with Ember, I know we just have to wait for the MCP service.  They have a slight modification that they need to do, so we need to wait on that. There is, on the GigBot side, there's no dependency.  We can go with them right away because they have an API. But do we want to go with them or not?  Because going, so last Friday when we were deciding between Ember and GigBot, we decided to lean toward Ember, and that's why I had a conversation with them on Sunday, because we were going to use their agent that was already in the registry, and that is what Kush's recommendation was.  On Sunday, when I talked to Tom, he was saying that we shouldn't use their agent that's in the registry, because they are pushing their MCP service instead.  So that puts Ember and GigBot at the same level, in terms of the amount of work that we would...  We need to do on the orchestration side. So now, if we are talking about OLAF and NIR, I don't know and I'm not clear what the integration issues or how much integration OLAFs will need.  If they have a request response endpoint, same thing goes with NIR. So this is where it's like all four of them are kind of at equal playing field.  We want to start with one of them because we have this additional constraint. We don't have the engineers to do any of them at the moment.  So how do we like between all of us decide on the strategy and move forward? The way that I would break this cold start problem, this chicken or the egg, this is just my recommendation, is that we talk with NIR, see if it is possible to get a grant from them.  not understand them. And if so, that would put them in the front leadership position because then it's a twofer, and that would clarify, and even if NEAR requires more work, there's actually grant funding that's potentially tied to it.  So trying to get clarity on that first while we are looking for more engineering resources is kind of how I would proceed forward.  Because we know the work that needs to be done on the orchestration side, because now Ember, GigBot are at the same integration effort level.  Yep.

26:38 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  What's the process? Because I also, we have like two minutes left. But what is that process? Like, I remember we talked about NEAR a while ago, and it said we need to, you know, they're very strict and protective about, you know, building within the NEAR ecosystem, rightfully so.  So, um, how do we kind of like find our, like angle? And I also don't fully understand what Cameron said in terms of the existing agent.  It almost sounds like he has a directory, less of a marketplace, more of a directory. Yeah, they do have a directory.

27:14 - Alex Lumley
  That's what I dropped in there. And I know that Cameron scheduled time with you, James, on Friday. Yeah. So I guess either way, we're going to find out if they're down to give grants while we're looking.  I wouldn't wait until Friday.

27:35 - James Young (Collabü§ùLand)
  I think that instead of waiting till Friday to ask about grants, let's work on that independently since we don't have the engineering resources anyway.  To answer Coach Jay's question. One second. Yeah. One second. second. Number two. I would say to answer that question, and then, Natascha, see your hand was raised.  What we can do is tell NIR that they can be the official launch chain for us. And so it doesn't mean that we are only going to be bound by NIR, but NIR would be the first chain that we go with.  And then that could...

28:34 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  Yeah, how about that? Sorry, interrupted. No worries.

28:39 - James Young (Collabü§ùLand)
  And then that can actually then put some demand on base or Arbitrum or whoever else to see if we can kickstart some grant funding conversation.

28:54 - Alex Lumley
  Natasha?

28:55 - Natascha Tiotuico
  For engineering resources, like what are we looking at... From, like, how much effort is it and what kind of knowledge do the people have to have?

29:10 - James Young (Collabü§ùLand)
  We just made a junior slash mid-level back-end engineer that knows TypeScript. Okay.

29:22 - Natascha Tiotuico
  I'll listen around and see if we have something. I don't know if we can approach some universities or something that, you know, they're sometimes ‚Äì I think they're going into brick right now.  So maybe there's an option there to get a few resources. Or even in our Discord, we can maybe see if there's people that want to contribute.

29:50 - James Young (Collabü§ùLand)
  Yeah, I think we should try and pull on the intern thread. I think that would be a great idea.

29:57 - Natascha Tiotuico
  Okay. There go. Okay. Well, okay. Okay. Okay. All

30:01 - James Young (Collabü§ùLand)
  All right, I know we're at one minute over, but I'm happy to go over just a couple more minutes.

30:07 - Alex Lumley
  So I think, like, my sense is that for the marketplace, we have a couple different, like, between Olaas and potentially Near, there's some options to get, it seems like there's some options to get agents in faster.  Olaas is going to drop to us how we can integrate a few of their agents, potentially, and it seems like Near has a registry that we don't have.  They're like, we don't have get their permission, it's like an open registry, we can start to leverage these agents.  So then it sounds like what would be the first step is going and starting to submit these grant proposals and basically figure out a way for us to get one, but also have the opportunity to get multiple grants, have that as a funding stream, right?

30:53 - James Young (Collabü§ùLand)
  Yeah, I would say this is the kind of strategy that I haven't talked about with Matt yet. Because I think Matt has some ideas on the investor side, but based on the conversation that the team has had already with investors, and I don't know if Matt has been caught up with all the feedback from investors, but it looks like it's a cold start problem that we have trying to sell investors.  So I don't know if Matt is agreeing on this grant proposal. Again, we'll come back tomorrow at this time, just to verify, but let's go with this for now, temporarily, just getting these grant proposals lined up, and we'll affirm that in tomorrow's meeting, when we get Matt in the loop.  Sure. then, even before we start on the orchestrator side, I think we may need to do some housekeeping on the contributor agreements, because...  And if we don't have the contributor agreement issue resolved, we're going to get a half-baked commitment and we're going to be in the same place again.  So this week may be like kind of a reset week for us just to get everyone re-coordinated. But I think at least for the group here, which is now the core group, the only person that's not in the loop is Matt and Sydney.  I think we just need to get their buy-off on like this is the plan and this is the way to go.  Once we get that, we can get the contributor agreements. Once we get the contributor agreements, we can start working on this orchestrator prototype.  Cool.

32:49 - Alex Lumley
  Any other questions? Oh, sorry. No, go ahead.

33:00 - James Young (Collabü§ùLand)
  know. . Okay. It's saying that I have low bandwidth. don't know. Am I coming in okay? Yeah.

33:07 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  Okay.

33:08 - James Young (Collabü§ùLand)
  So I think that's kind of where we're at right now, at least from my perspective. And that's kind of how I'm looking at order of operations.  Thanks.

33:21 - Natascha Tiotuico
  From community side, we have a short meeting 08 and Coach Jay and I, so I'm going to prepare, like, talk internally what we think is best to, like, catch everybody who's coming in.  And 08 is going to also contribute some more in action things. And we'll be working on that this week.  Awesome.

33:50 - James Young (Collabü§ùLand)
  That sounds good. Excellent. I think this kind of pause actually comes at the perfect time because when we were looking get to got got to go.  Thank To give context to the core group here, we built out the registry, we have all the pieces, and we have the relationships with intuition, with Nevermind, and Recall.  Now, we have this update from the industry, where we have major players, Anthropic from the MCP level and Google from the ATA level, now filling in major holes that I thought we were going to need to address and have our own implementation on.  So, for me, at least purely on the technical side, this is huge, huge validation because we are able to anticipate where the market is going.  And I am actually a little bit surprised that Anthropic and Google have responded so quickly. But that means to me, the exponential rate of AI is, we're feeling it.  Where in November, when we . It's a starter kit, neither MCP nor A2A existed, and that was only six months ago.  Now there's like huge standards, and I'm anticipating that the adoption of Google's A2A will happen as quickly, if not more quickly, than Anthropics MCP, because they, Google, have made it so that MCP works with A2A.  So this is a lot larger than just Web3. We're going to start with Web3 because that's where our roots are, but I would also say that what's really missing with both MCP and with Google's A2A is a form of payment, and that's where mother comes in.  Google assumes all these agents are going to collaborate for free, but no agent is going to want to lose their edge and share their data if they have an edge, whatever the data is.  Even if it's not crypto alpha data, if it's marketing data, if it's how they use algorithms, the AI, to reach out to KOLs for social media marketing, all of that.  So I am actually more bullish than ever before because we have this organization and we have a few months' window of advantage.  So let's imagine there was another protocol, crypto wise, that wanted to do exactly what we've done. They haven't built a community.  They haven't built these relationships with these other protocols. So I think if we didn't have this organizational issue with the contributor agreements or fundraising, if that was all clear, like we would be and we are the dominant player.  So from a public perspective, I think we're in a much better position than ever before. We just have to solve these internal organizations.  I would say HR issues first, and I think that on the call on Friday really was the crux of what we needed to solve within Mother.  And so I think just pausing a little bit in terms of this reset and getting on the same page with Matt and getting all these issues going, we have a clear shot.  Because now we don't have to create the agent to agent protocol and we don't have to create the pool calling protocol.  It's already there for us by major players. Like, I can't think of a bigger player than Google here or like, you know, on the MCP level and, you know, MCP and the rate of adoption and acceptance is just, you know, it's accelerated beyond what I would imagine in terms of standards.  Now. So I just wanted to say that more than anything else, we just have to get through this organizational issue, which.  This is a huge, huge issue, but I think we're well-positioned if we can solve this. Doesn't mean that I want to belittle it, but if we can solve this, I think it can be huge.  I'll stop talking. Zero eight.

38:14 - Razvan Matei Popescu
  On the fundraising side, what happened to the amount we raised with a node cell? Does anybody know that?

38:23 - Alex Lumley
  I have no idea.

38:25 - James Young (Collabü§ùLand)
  I don't have access to those funds. I don't know who does. I have no clarity on that as well.  I think Disruption Joe is the one that knows the most, but from my understanding, Disruption Joe needs to sync with Matt to clarify who has authority over those funds.  But I believe, from my understanding, there was like 20k that was raised. Yeah, was like 20 or 30k.

38:53 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  I think it's tumbled a bit, in terms of the value. Yeah, because it went down, but that would be a huge reputation here.

39:00 - Razvan Matei Popescu
  Like, if we didn't figure out what happened to those, because, like, people actually bought them. Yeah, it's huge. You're absolutely right.

39:09 - James Young (Collabü§ùLand)
  This is why I think we want to take somewhat of a pause and regroup ourselves now, because, like, there was some money raised, and we need to be responsible for it, because there's no way, I don't think, we're going to be able to raise other money or get other grants unless we have a clear answer for that.  You're absolutely 100% right.

39:31 - Razvan Matei Popescu
  Yeah, and on a positive note, I think we can do, like, way better on a future node cell than we did on that.  So, just, but I think we first need to figure out what happened that one so we can, like, do better on the second one.  No, I agree with you there.

39:48 - James Young (Collabü§ùLand)
  I don't know how, and, you know, I do have some notes back in terms of how that was managed.  And I do think that we can have a much higher bar. For the next time, but that's a separate issue, but you're absolutely, I agree with you, essentially, what I'd say.  Cool. So it sounds like we have the next steps.

40:09 - Alex Lumley
  James, you'll talk with Matt. We should probably divide up some of the, like, we have to figure out the organizational component of it.  It sounds like, at least for now, James, you can take on, like, having the conversation with Matt and figure out who will own that part of, like, the contributor agreements, all that sort of stuff.  And then the obvious next thing is to start at least trying to sell these grants, and maybe, Jay, you and I can figure out how we do that, go about doing that, or maybe both work on that together, because that'll be the number one and most important thing.  And if we can get funds in, that solves a bunch of other things. But I see those as the next steps.  Is that right, James? That's what I see. That's what context that I have.

40:55 - James Young (Collabü§ùLand)
  And just to also emphasize that, like, the ember, the gig. But I'm assuming the OLAS and NIR is going to be the same level of effort in terms of integration.  And so the only differentiation between those four marketplaces or integrations are that NIR is the only one that actually is tied to a foundation and also has agents.  So I would prioritize that first. It sounds like, just as a side note, Cameron doesn't have direct relationships with the agent devs.  He has the, I guess, I wouldn't even call it a community, but he has awareness of what is being built on NIR, but he can't help facilitate that direct relationship.  Which adds a little wrinkle because with Ember, have direct integration to agents and with GigBot, we do as well.  And, uh,

42:00 - Alex Lumley
  James, have you checked out the Near Registry, though? Like, from the way they were, sorry, go ahead.

42:08 - James Young (Collabü§ùLand)
  It, it's, so I don't want to, there's a matter of romantic, it's not like a registry, it's like a directory.  So he doesn't have direct relationships with those agent devs. He has some with the, they have a weekly what we ship, you know, every Thursday, where he brings them on.

42:27 - Alex Lumley
  But why do you need those, is my point, because they, if they have their agents, and my understanding is that, like, their, their agents is just a list where, I think you can get access to them through, through the registry.  Like, do we actually need the rules?

42:41 - James Young (Collabü§ùLand)
  Well, we need to answer those, those questions, like, what are the endpoints? So every agent in the directory is open source, right?  So we can use that code to bootstrap our own agents, but then, and then we, if we bootstrap our own agent.  It's through that open source code, we would know what those endpoints are, but then we would have to maintain them as well, right?  So you need direct access to those agent devs to answer specific questions. What are their endpoints? If you just have a registry of, oh, here's what the agents do, and you don't have any other detail, how do we orchestrate them?  That's why we need to talk with these agent devs specifically, and not just like, it's equivalent to saying, oh, the Liza framework is open source, but that, you know, it doesn't help us, because what we need answered is, how does the orchestrator agent connect with that specific agent?

43:46 - Alex Lumley
  Yeah, I was just looking at them. Okay, that makes sense. Cool. We've got the next steps. I know.

44:03 - James Young (Collabü§ùLand)
  Zuri, you had your hand raised. don't know if it's left over. You're on mute. Oh, okay. So I'm assuming that was just left over.  Okay. Yeah. So, you know, we have kind of this TBD. It's not direct marching orders. There's some outstanding things, but we want to try and see how we can push forward now in this situation.  Yeah. So I think we all understand the issues now. And we'll try to move forward with this. I think the document, Alex, that you put together is a good document for us to kind of move forward.  And then Coach J, that slide deck, that's actually the North Star, but we're not there yet. But that's, yes, what we're selling North Star-wise.  But... Strategically, how do we take where we are right now and make that immediate next step is a little bit TBD.  Yeah. So I like to just, in terms of my style, just be as transparent and open as possible. If there are any questions, doubts, or reservations or feedback, I'm open to it because this is how we work collectively, but we also need direction as well.  So I'm, I'm hoping to step in where I can with that. So please let me know if there's anything in terms of gaps as, as we try and like do this reset.  Cool.

45:43 - Alex Lumley
  Sounds good to me. Thanks, James. All right.

45:47 - James Young (Collabü§ùLand)
  Awesome. Thanks, everyone. Welcome to Monday.

45:50 - Natascha Tiotuico
  Thank you. I'll it. Thanks. Bye. Bye.

45:55 - Razvan Matei Popescu
  Bye. Bye. Bye.
