Mother All-Hands Weekly - June 23
VIEW RECORDING - 38 mins (No highlights): https://fathom.video/share/P9HZR6kvoAbcT3WujKWcv5fbEcqTApKQ

---

0:00 - James Young (Collabü§ùLand)
  Dude, I lived in South Africa for two years, and there's a pool in the ozone layer right over South Africa.

0:08 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  Skin cancer is super, super common there. And I know at least two people who have gotten skin cancer on their And they're like 30s, 40s, skin cancer on their ear.

0:20 - James Young (Collabü§ùLand)
  Yeah. You have to get a one that's chopped off?

0:23 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  It's like treatments for it, especially if it's like, it's very treatable skin cancer, but like you don't want it because it could spread.  That's great. So you just need to get it super, you need to adjust it super quickly.

0:33 - James Young (Collabü§ùLand)
  When do we want The years are important. Yeah. The years are important.

0:38 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  I know what Matt, Matt is like me. He's got the big Tilly hat. He's got like a big, kind of like big, big rim, right?  Yeah, you're rocking that. I know you are. I had an umbrella.

0:54 - James Young (Collabü§ùLand)
  So we have a slightly new format for how we're going to do the meetings. We're kind of like, I want to use this section.

1:00 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  We're here to kind of like co-create our agenda just in terms of what we want to talk about today.  We'll try to keep it in under 45 minutes. Just some key announcements. Matt, we already know that the TGE got pushed back a little bit, so we're in the loop with some of the Gaia stuff.  Intuition has confirmed that they can build the UI of the mother registry. And on Friday, Alex confirmed, like, he asked by when.  And I'm like, really, really, we want it ready by like mid-July. So it's kind of ready before the TGEs happen and before we start getting a lot of eyeballs on us.  And he said that's like more than enough time. I think they only need a couple weeks. And then they're missing a few key things from us.  So that was great news. He also, I don't want to quote him because we didn't have any recorders, but he talked about a bunch of registries that were kind of competing with mother, like two or three of them that were being built and all of them got canceled.  So let's wait till Friday. I'd love to hear from him say it specifically, but like Ethereum Foundation was building one and they canceled that project.  Wait, can you say again? Yeah, basically, like there were some other registries for agents kind of like in the works.  And as far as you can tell, a number of them have like kind of shut down and folded and they like stopped funding it, which is beneficial for us, especially with this new I wish I knew who they were.  Yeah, we can we can just just message the let me just message Alex right now in the intuition group.  And he can let us know exactly who it is. Yeah, James, do you want to chime in here?

2:42 - James Young (Collabü§ùLand)
  Yeah, just specifically on the registry, what Google is doing is they're building the next version of DNS called ANS, ANS, which is for agents to register.  I can I put. It into the general channel of Mother, and core to that, actually, if you just like find the number of times they use the word blockchain, it's like 35 times in the paper.  It's very well thought out. It actually has MCP and A2A, but they don't try and say, here is like a registry.  They're just outlining a generalized protocol that they hope everyone will adopt. So I've been digging deep into that. They came out with this research reference paper.  It's very well thought out. And it's like 90% of what we've been talking about, but they're not trying to tokenize it.  And so I think what's happening, in my perspective, in terms of where the market is at, they aren't the these different.  Projects thought they could own like a marketplace or a launchpad or something like that, but it's much bigger than that.  So I think that it gives me confidence and validation in terms of where we're going. Really, I think for us, when it comes to a registry, we have to take into account all the stuff that is happening in the AI ecosystem space, because that is just moving.  It seems like five times faster than like crypto. Yeah. So I think that these other competing registries were very kind of like myopic in terms of coming from the Web 3 space.  I think what we need to do with the mother registry is come at it from kind of this like equal footing of agents and or AI and blockchain.  So that's. So that's. That's of my initial feedback, my read. I could be wrong, but that's kind of how I did it.

5:06 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  Can you share a link to that work in the Slack? Because what I'd like to do is I'd like to incorporate that in our competitive analysis.  I need to update it anyway. It's been like a month and a half, so that could be kind of like one of the key things that we take a look at and keep an eye on.  Other things is Fleek has gotten in touch with Intuition, and they've explicitly wanted to get onto the Mother Registry as soon as possible with their agents, which is great news.  Oh, and another thing I didn't mention here is Mantle as well is a yes to using the Mother Registry.  Like, they want it ASAP. Who are you talking about, Mantle? I got the connection through Ian, so Ian is the who facilitated the connection, so they're like super bullish on getting the Mother Registry as soon as possible.  I have a meeting with them like first thing tomorrow morning, my time. And I'm just going to kind of get the gist, and then, yeah, shoot, I actually meant to invite James to that, but that's going to be impossible.  Mantel, yeah, Mantel are prioritized, they're super collaborative.

6:13 - Matt Wright (GaiaNet)
  Yeah, yeah, I'm so excited that they reached out, and James and I already talked about it.

6:17 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  It's just a, it's a great partnership, and it's a great way to kick the tires on this thing before any TGEs happen.

6:24 - Matt Wright (GaiaNet)
  I might be able to muscle a grant, too, if we get something, get something planned out, I can talk to, so like, there are investors, but Brian, he's the new head of the Mantel L2, he was formerly head of Polygon, he's a good friend of ours, so happy to help, but like, it would help me if I have like a one page, like, here's what we're doing with Mantel, if I tell him, hey, just cut a Sonderk check, and we'll, you know, market the  out of Mantel.

6:54 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  That sounds amazing, okay, cool, I can probably get that to you, like, tomorrow, by the time you win. Cool.  Awesome. I have some ideas, too.

7:04 - Matt Wright (GaiaNet)
  I think they want to start driving a narrative of AI, so if we can think through how, like, we can even use Gaia as, like, you know, because we're already doing stuff with Mantle in a very similar fashion to talk to Ian on what we're doing, but, like, with we can say, hey, we're taking agents that build a Mantle onto the registry, making them sovereign AI agents with Gaia, but we can make it very Mother-focused and have, perhaps, like, a grant for us to build this out, but also maybe they can put together a pool of Mantle rewards for anyone that stakes on the Mother registry.  Yeah, I can give more ideas later.

7:42 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  Okay, super. That sounds great. Yeah, even if you want to voice no-dump those things, because then what I can do is I can take a lot of that context and reorganize that information into an actual proposal.  Yeah, and real quick thing, just since they're off the top of mind, but, like, the easy low-hanging fruit would be...

8:00 - Matt Wright (GaiaNet)
  One, like a builder event. So if we do like a hackathon, which we are talking about doing that with Mother and Gaia, there's the integration conversation where I think you can have, like anyone building an AI agent on Mantle, we could have like an SDK or at least just some, maybe a blog on like how to get, like a template on how to get started with deploying your agent on Mantle and getting it on the registry.  Our dev roles can help with that. It's like really easy because we've already done it with 50 other partners.  So we can do, we can try and do something like that, but just another idea. Okay. Amazing.

8:40 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  No, that's super helpful. I mean, that's just context that I'm entirely missing. So that's great. Let's dive into some of these agenda items here.  I put only a couple, but these are the only two that I put down, but I don't know if anyone else has anything else they want to add to this.  I just wanted to quickly talk about our build stuff right now. And just checking with James about where we're at and what's going to get done this week and kind of like start really planning out because we have a lot to deliver in the last like three weeks.  So that's one thing we've been talking about. And then Matt, I would love to hand the floor over to you from like the Gaia perspective, just giving us updates.  We need to talk about getting the nodes into the registry and like what's going on there. I know we moved forward with the schema without you.  So, yeah, see James' camera's off. So maybe Matt, do we want to start with you in terms of any updates that you see are relevant to the mother front?  And then I'll ask like a few questions as well.

9:39 - Matt Wright (GaiaNet)
  The only updates from our Gaia side is that we, yeah, our TG is looking more like July 15th. I'll just say that we got word back from the exchanges we were looking for.  This is a big win. So we're just going through with those next steps. We're willing to push back our timeline just a little bit.  And then we have this Samsung AI phone that we're building. It's like a proper Galaxy phone with Gaia running locally on there.  There will be Gaia tokens distributed on those phones. There's going to be 7,000 devices sold in Korea. That goes live, I think, in July as well, perhaps August.  And then around KBW, Korea Blockchain Week in September, we'll start sending out the phones. But that will be a huge launch event.  We're organizing the official Korea Blockchain Week after party. I'm hiring a premier DJ. If you've seen some of my past events, I like to run these kinds of things.  And so we've got some really cool partners that are going to join that event. It's like the official Korea Blockchain Week after party.  And the way Korea works... It's a little bit different from like, I guess you could kind of say like if ETH Denver was the only Ethereum event that we ran in the US, like that's kind of KBW in Korea, it's the top event in the country, and so we're running the official party so we can get Mother involved, can do, you know, side events with Mother, if any of our partners want to get involved, we can help them.  And then, yeah, there's like a ton of other stuff, but I think that's all that's relevant right now for like go to market.  I am, on the technical side, I am talking to Sydney and Michael to figure out when the Gaia nodes, the next release will come out where they're MCP compatible, just so James can continue on with Orchestrator Agent, and we can start onboarding all the nodes to upgrade and become Mother registry compatible.  That might need to be a marketing campaign. That do it. The Gaia folks with Ryan, so maybe just a line on how we communicate that to the community.  I think it would be a sick announcement that, like, hey, you're a Gaia node operator, just do an additional update and add your nodes to the registry.  So I think that's something we need to plan out with the team, but I'm getting updates on when that is getting released.  should be soon. Great.

12:29 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  Yeah, Matt, your help with getting the nodes, that information, API, CSV, however we're going to do it, is super helpful.  Like, so far, our experience with the Gaia team is that they've been much more responsive to you than us.  So any help on that front to, like, just crack that whip is, like, super, super appreciated. And I know Sydney is probably up to her eyes and things going on as well.  So, yeah, if you have that clear line, that's, like, super helpful. Cool. That's great. Thanks for those updates. That's super,  That helpful. wrote just to keep a pulse on Korea Blockchain Week for September, so we'll obviously continue to connect over the coming months of that.  Another one, before we jump to James, I want to know if Mother can get involved. This is a note for you, Matt, if Mother can get involved with ECC somehow.  We talked about that really briefly. I just don't remember exactly how. I know there's the event on July 1st.  If it's easy enough to put the Mother logo on the poster, then it's a Mother event as well. I think that would be like a super easy thing.  But I also know that there's other partners to the event, and I don't know how they would feel about that.  So I'll leave that in your very capable hands of whatever you can facilitate, because as soon as that's confirmed, it makes it easier for me to start messaging projects tomorrow and be like, Hey, are you all going to be at ECC?  We have this event. Come, let's talk about the updates on Mother. And then it's also coming to the Gaia event and all this kind of thing.  So, um, If we can get that sorted soon.

14:03 - Matt Wright (GaiaNet)
  I pinged Milena. Okay. Yeah.

14:08 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  Okay, super. And then the last thing is the white paper investor material. Let's save this chat for in person at ECC.  You and me, Matt, we can talk about it next week. Okay, sweet. Let's talk about builds. Let's talk builds with James.

14:29 - James Young (Collabü§ùLand)
  Yeah, things are looking really good. The quiz agent is ready. I am just lining up to have it hosted, at least temporarily, just on the CollabLand infrastructure.  So that's just taking some time, but it should be ready this week. So we'll be able to play around with it.  Real quick, before I forget, though, is if KPW is happening in, like, September, do we, I don't know if it's too early to talk.  But, you know, start promoting the TGE, maybe in a bigger way around the September time frame. I think we can line that up.  would be an amazing lining up.

15:14 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  And especially if Intuition sticks in our August timeline, that means we'll have the full three TGEs under our belt.  And then like literally within a month, we're launching our token. Yeah, that's right. I like that timeline.

15:27 - Matt Wright (GaiaNet)
  Yeah. OK, cool.

15:30 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  Well, let's keep that in mind then. Let's keep that as a target. Yeah, let's keep talking more. So what else?  Quiz Agent this week. What else is on your mind, James?

15:42 - James Young (Collabü§ùLand)
  I'm ready for like MCP integration and looking forward to that because the orchestrator, I need like a reference implementation with like Open MCP.  And I would want to prioritize that. And in the meantime. care. What The code is ready to absorb that.  I'm just also trying to kind of make it relevant with everything that's coming out, especially I put a link in our Google Chat to a link to our Slack that has the Google ANS reference.  And like Google, Microsoft, they are just doubling down on AI. And Google looks to see, seemingly looks to want to own like multi-agent coordination as their next evolution of Google.  Most of their research from the people that I know at Google, it's all multi-agent systems. So I think, you know, again, we're in a really good spot and I think we still, you know, have, you know, in my mind, in terms of like timeframe, we have a six to nine month lead, but that.  The is closing, so I think the September timeframe and how we line up technically with what's happening in AI as much as what's happening in Web3, it's going to be an interesting convergence this fall, and I think we are setting ourselves up to be swimming through a big wave to catch, and so it's just keeping market relevance.  And I don't want to be missing out, but for example, WindSurf in the last month has had two major updates, and it's been pretty amazing.  I worry about kids graduating right now in software. Yeah. So I think by September we'll, we'll. It's looking like, you know, if we play a card right, we'll do that anymore.

18:05 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  There's a really important narrative that we need to drive and prove, right? So fortunately, if Gaia is mid-July and Lit also is mid-July, it could be that we have that information really quickly.  We could put that case study together and really start promoting it super fast. I think that'll make for an easy September launch, for sure.  And it's like Korean Blockchain Week is also end of September. So we actually have like a few weeks in September.  It's not like first thing in September. In terms of James, so Quiz Agent, good to go. Really quickly, I wanted to talk about Quiz Agent features, so specifically multi-language.  And what was the other one that was really important? The EP, so having the rewards.

18:55 - Natascha Tiotuico
  Yeah, EP integration is like a must.

18:57 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  So do you have it? Do you you need to do that, or do we still owe you like some documentation for that to make that a reality?  Yeah, the details on the EP would be great.

19:07 - James Young (Collabü§ùLand)
  know there's a difference between XP and EP, so like on the EP side, getting as much context would be great.  So we can figure out what the integration details are. It's possible, but just knowing what the exact features we need to develop there.

19:23 - Natascha Tiotuico
  Yeah, I think it was with the network with engages.io, since Gaia does a lot with that. And those are the points that are actually accumulated over like repletes, etc.

19:40 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  Tash, do you mind, can I put you as the accountable person to gather that collateral and that documentation and send it over to James and just make sure he has everything he needs?  Yes. Super. Amazing. If that can get done by end of day tomorrow, that'd be super ideal. Yeah, I can start looking at it into this, integrating it.

20:00 - James Young (Collabü§ùLand)
  We this week as we push on the info side for the mother agent. Okay, great.

20:07 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  Amazing.

20:08 - Natascha Tiotuico
  Just the reward side or do you have the languages that you need, the multi-languages? Should I ask Ian as well?  Yeah, the multi-language support information would be great too.

20:21 - James Young (Collabü§ùLand)
  What I would do is I would just get like the translator agent to kind of translate and everything will be based in English and then just translate it over.  So we should take a, that shouldn't be difficult, but we should see the quality of the translation. I'm assuming that it'll be decent, but you never know.  You never know. Yeah.

20:43 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  And just to be clear, the translation is a nice to have, so we know. So if we're feeling like it's not strong translations for whatever reason, I would err on the side and just mix it and just stick to English.  But did we ever- Did- we Ash, did we ever get that information from Harish, the translator agent info? I don't remember seeing it actually.

21:06 - Natascha Tiotuico
  No, I see the agent there, but it's not MCP ready, I believe. I don't know if we can ping it and still kind of use it or if the MCP is required.

21:26 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  I could work around it.

21:27 - James Young (Collabü§ùLand)
  MCP would be the cleanest integration. It would be great to have it sooner than later. It makes things so easy.

21:35 - Natascha Tiotuico
  So I'll push that, but on the language side, you don't have more info, Jonathan, so I would ping. Okay, so I'll do care of that as well.

21:44 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  Yeah, exactly what languages as well. I'm assuming Korean and Mandarin. That's just like Singapore and Korea right there. But he'll probably have a better pulse on what languages exactly.  Okay, so I'll take care of that. Thank you, Tash. Tash. Tash. Let me just write that down. Attach to the follow-up on language details.  Okay. Let's talk quickly about Quest and staking agents. So, Jamie, do we want to touch base later this week after you ship the quiz agent to keep you focused on that?  Or are you already starting to, like, can we already start collecting materials for you to start? Yeah. Yeah?

22:23 - James Young (Collabü§ùLand)
  Yeah. Yeah, because what I'm doing now is all, like, deployment details. So, I would love to get more understanding of what's next ASAP.  So, like, the CP details, translation details, like, all of this. You would get more specificity around it. Let's dive in.  Okay. I'm going to do for the Quest agent.

22:48 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  The staking agent, I have a feeling that you have, like, a sense of, like, what needs to get done on that front.  And it sounds like it's easier to pull off. Yeah? Yeah. The staking agent just is really about... UiUX flow and you know all it is is just transferring tokens to a contract we're not going to be creating the actual staking contract because that's bespoke the project assuming that they have a staking contract and we'll just make it really super simple mistake okay um i have also a little request James can you today can you based on where the quiz patient is could you make like a loom video three minutes just demoing it real quick because i'm meeting with the management team tomorrow morning and i totally forgot and it would be nice if i could at least send it to them in advance so they can like see what it is otherwise we're just kind of like chatting yeah um yeah just any time today because we have it at 10 a.m.  tomorrow it's like basically 2 a.m. your time so before you go to sleep please um and then what i'm gonna do is what's coming up for me as well is i need to create some product marketing materials around the quiz quest and staking agent because these are products themselves and uh i didn't  We should like come protest about them because they're like pretty freaking cool, so okay, sweet. The last question I have on the build front is Ian had asked which Gaia domain would the orchestrator be hosted on?  So that's one of the requirements, right, is we're going to move away from the OpenAI, the Cloud, whatever it is, API, and get this hosted actually on a Gaia node.  So do we need that info from the Gaia team? James, already know how to do that with the documentation?  we have the mother domain already.

24:36 - James Young (Collabü§ùLand)
  Okay, perfect. It's just mother. Mother dot, is there like a dot something?

24:42 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  Mother dot Gaia dot domains.

24:44 - James Young (Collabü§ùLand)
  Okay.

24:50 - Natascha Tiotuico
  And Harish already said it's running stable, so you can actually ping it and connect your wallet to it, because that's  I've been testing the last few, like, days on and off just to see if it's still there, and it seems to be there.

25:13 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  Okay, super. Okay. Anyone else have anything? Because this is kind of what I have so far on the agenda.  And before we break, if we are ready to break, I'll go over just follow-ups and any last, like, reminders.  Does anyone have anything else?

25:33 - Matt Wright (GaiaNet)
  Just on, like, ops. So, Jonathan, I'm going to add you to the multi-sig. And you're saying that the wallet that is also the account of the mirror is overused?  Yeah. Yeah, I think so. That's just going to kind of be my mother's wallet. You have, and so you have full custody of that wallet?  I do, yeah. If there's any way I can share it, I'm happy to just for security reasons.

25:57 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  But, yeah, I have that. And as long as everyone... That's okay. You know, as long as you feel comfortable with it.

26:03 - Matt Wright (GaiaNet)
  Yeah, yeah. Cool. Amazing, yeah, I'd love to get Harry sorted ASAP, that would be great.

26:09 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  Yep, so I was some on. Yeah. Okay, good. Other things is, just an FYI, in terms of like, people changes, I'm gonna be on DMs only starting on Thursday, and then like next week I'm at ECC, but I'll probably be on a bit, I'll probably be on my computer like quite that soon.

26:34 - Matt Wright (GaiaNet)
  Jonathan, also, okay, cool. And Jonathan, I added you to, well, I didn't add you, but you're already in the Gaia mother chat.  tagged Milena Mills. Just talk to her about getting the mother logo added. Our DM Baron told her to. Oh, is this Mills?  Okay, yeah.

26:51 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  Perfect, yeah. Okay, cool. Another thing is that I'm gonna be spending about, I'm gonna be joining the DIA team.  Bye. Time, so you all know. So yeah, so that's going to be super helpful for us, just like more closely integrating with what they're doing.  So I will be keeping a close pulse on everything going on there. Excited, man. I came back to that news.  was like, what the hell?

27:18 - Matt Wright (GaiaNet)
  Yeah, that's great that it worked out.

27:22 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  Anyone else have anything they want to share? Anything like exciting happening in their lives that they want to share?

27:31 - Natascha Tiotuico
  I wanted to ask a little bit about the smart tag versus the seeds activation and how that all plays together with the mother orchestrator because my understanding of it was that the smart tag and everything was actually in mother, but now I saw it come up in Collabland, so I just want to clarify.  So when we talk to like potential people, how we divide that. Does CollabLand have to be installed for Mother Orchestrator to work, or does Mother Orchestrator kind of have that integrated, that technology?

28:12 - James Young (Collabü§ùLand)
  Yeah, so the Mother Agent will have that baked in, so you don't have to have the CollabLand bot installed, but all of the CollabLand bot communities, so we have over 50,000 communities, they will have SmartTag, and one of the things that we're exploring is that you get a message every time, like, there is, like, you send something for SmartTag.  We can actually have an ad for, like, Mother as well, or have different ads to kind of drive traffic to, like, the Mother Discord, or it's just another kind of advertising surface that is strictly owned by CollabLand, and what we need to figure out, and this is, like, a big open question.  It's how do we market and kind of use the distribution of Collabaland for Mother, for Gaia, for Lit, for Intuition, and then for the Mother TG as well.  So there's a huge marketing opportunity there that is exclusive to Collabaland and Collabaland communities. And what we're doing with Mother and the orchestrator is helping communities manage interactions on chain within chat.  So there's a narrative there that can be built up. What we are looking at potentially, for example, if Mother can like launch tokens, then these communities will also be further incentivized to launch tokens.  So I don't know what that looks like. I've been talking with Billy from Intuition about it. And I've had several meetings with Alex or Alessandro from Intuition.  interesting question. Talking about the metadata and the uploads from other, but also, can this become like a community graph, like a community social graph, and then other people can use intuition to search for communities that have launch tokens, that have maybe test tokens, so there needs to be some real deep thought with regards to how that plays out, and we're doing that in real time with these TGEs.  So we're going, we're experimenting with the CollabLand bot with SmartTag of sending back and forth tokens that underlying technology will also be used with Mother, and we need to figure out from a feedback loop, what can we do there to enhance the distribution that CollabLand can bring to tie in these different bots.  talk that. And that's part of this reorganizing of our infrastructure that's taken a while on the Collabland side so that third-party agents could actually have this kind of on-chain transactions, mother agent being kind of one of the reference implementations of that.

31:20 - Natascha Tiotuico
  Okay, so we would also offer Gaia the tipping and everything as well with the mother orchestrator. Not right now.

31:33 - James Young (Collabü§ùLand)
  I think, well, let's talk about that. So this is the product feedback that we want to kind of figure out how to, you know, how to best position it from a GTM perspective.  Okay. From the Collabland perspective, GTM perspective, or from mother's perspective, both?

31:54 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  From both?

31:56 - James Young (Collabü§ùLand)
  both? Or like, do we want to Staking is basically tipping, but you're tipping to a staking contract that is accumulating more yield for you.  That's all the current smart tag implementation. It's just an independent reference implementation. Mother can actually use the same infrastructure.  It can be separate. It can be together. But it's really what's the best narrative from a product perspective to package it together.  Because the same underlying infrastructure is being used. whether it's one bot, two bots, combination of bots, it's really a marketing narrative issue.

32:46 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  Okay, yeah. I don't know if I can make a decision on that right now, but we probably want to make a decision sooner rather than later, like in the next week or two.  Thank you.

32:56 - Natascha Tiotuico
  Yeah, would have to go and ask Ian if that's enough. And around the tipping and everything, you also have to have kind of a strategy to do the marketing, et cetera, because it's not like self-explanatory like the quiz agent.  That's what's coming up for me as well.

33:19 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  It's not as self-explanatory, and we're already introducing all these new things, and then there's also tipping on top of that.  That's like my intuition is that it might be a little too much right off the bat. And it might be that we want to introduce it like a little bit later in the process.  But I don't know, what are Collablands goals as well, right? Like what are your timelines in terms of rolling this out?  yeah.

33:45 - James Young (Collabü§ùLand)
  So SmartTag is ready to roll out, and we've been rolling it out, just kind of some data or some insight.  It's really, we've been getting overwhelming demand on the Solana ecosystem side. As opposed- So we know that there's PMF, but the communities on Solana just seem so much more kind of energized and engaged.  So we'll take some of that data and get back on the on the EVM side of things. My my positioning, my thoughts that I run Collabland is that this should all be marketing led.  Like we don't want this to be technically led. So the technologies are there. How you want to present and package this up should really come and originate from a marketing narrative.  So whatever is easier to market and to explain is the direction I'll go. And, you know, we just want on the Collabland, our motivation is just to get the tech out there and adopt it as quickly as possible.

34:56 - Natascha Tiotuico
  Yeah, because I know that the Gaia team has some. What challenges with the EP? What should we do with it?  How can we make them meaningful? And if we do a quiz bot and give more EP and they still don't know, what am I going to be doing with it?  Marketing campaign around that and maybe even using it for tipping might be an idea that we can follow up with also to solve that problem for Gaia.

35:25 - James Young (Collabü§ùLand)
  Yeah, I think this is going to be like critical and being crisp on the marketing and go to market strategy.  So I think it's not a tech related kind of question. It's really just a marketing kind of narrative positioning.  And there's a lot of people that are involved there. So, you know, I think the biggest concern there would be just coordination and alignment.  I have one more question about the smart tags.

35:54 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  Aren't smart tags needed in order to be able to use the quiz bot as well? Because isn't it like, I don't  Is that tied to the smart tags, or am I thinking of something different? So the tag is the same, and so it's how you brand it.

36:09 - James Young (Collabü§ùLand)
  So we could actually fold in the smart tag infra, and you can call brand it whatever you want, but it could be part of the mother orchestration aspect of it as well, but then you don't want it to be confusing.  So that's kind of what we need to figure out. It's really getting crisp on the messaging. Okay, I'll add that to the list.

36:38 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  All right, we got five minutes to spare. Unless anyone has anything else they want to share, we can call it here.  And yeah, have some notes here, and of course I'll add this to our front, this meeting transcript to our context sharing on GitHub, and then you can always grab it if you want.  Okay. Yeah. Do we want to touch on Quests at all, or do you want to save that?

37:04 - James Young (Collabü§ùLand)
  Yeah, for Quests, I said that I'm going to write you a brief.

37:09 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  Oh, okay, great. That's probably the best, right? Because I have everything that Ian wants, so I'll probably, I'm going to try and finish that in the next hour, and then I'll send it over to you.  All right, happy Monday, everyone. Awesome, happy Monday. Happy Monday, thanks, everybody.

37:32 - James Young (Collabü§ùLand)
  Ciao. Thank you, bye-bye.
