Mother Weekly Summoners Alignment - March 11
VIEW RECORDING - 45 mins (No highlights): https://fathom.video/share/Qrx_xvFLq_ymt-nKYNi9RDpk6KPezZCz

---

0:00 - James Young (Collabü§ùLand)
  cover what was done last week James would you would you like to start yeah I also will rely on push because he was helping from getting everything organized on the engineering side so last week we had a goal of getting a demo up so every Friday for you know our engineering tasks we try to hit these milestones weekly milestones our approach for engineering just to be clear is that we don't have a lengthy roadmap of you know beyond a few months if that I mean even open AI has declared that they don't have a roadmap yeah beyond three maybe at most six months so if these big multi-billion dollar companies don't have a clear roadmap because especially in AI things change  and we need to adapt quickly. I don't think, you know, our group here, as we're trying to coordinate multi-agent systems, can have a roadmap.  I know that is kind of in opposition with what investors would like to see. They want like a six, 12, 18-month roadmap.  But I think those days are over, right? I think that those days are over, especially in the age of AI, because things change so quickly.  Like, Manus didn't exist a week ago. Groc 3 didn't exist a month ago. DPC didn't exist two months ago.  So the field is rapidly changing. So we have weekly deliverables, because we have to deliver something and we have to show progress.  And, you know, my take and understanding, to be quite honest, is that the engineering momentum and the weekly deliverables really move the organization forward.  So we understand the responsibility that engineering has when it comes to generating and maintaining momentum. So I would say, just in this close group, that we failed last week to really deliver.  And what I set as milestone for at least engineering is if you missed two deliverables, you're out. So instead of having a roadmap that we say we're going to hit, that we don't know about what I say is we have weekly deliverables and you missed two deliverables, you're out of engineering.  And some people have already faced that situation. So it's not that we are just going to do arbitrary things and we don't know where we're going.  We have high standards. It's just that we can't predict the future because of AI. So this week, what I wanted to make, so last week we didn't hit the deliverables and I can talk about what and how that's informed us for this week.  But just to review last week. I there's a combination of things. I think there was East Denver, and then there was Breck, and a lot of logistics, and moving around.  So, I'm not saying that is without cause, that's why we miss the deliverables. But I would also say, we understand that we need to hit deliverables, and that there really aren't any excuses.  So, that's what I would say for a review last week. This is my first time being in these meetings, usually I'm double-booked at this time, coincidentally both my meetings got pushed, so I'm able to join this one.  So, I don't know if I'm following the correct format, or structure, or the expectation for this meeting, but that's what I would say as a kind of honest review, and we have to be ruthless, internally, and be truthful, else, you know, we're never going to move forward.  But that's my Honest kind of almost harsh take on things, but I'd rather be truthful and be nice So I I don't know Kush wants to follow I'm with that.  I'm with James by the way. We need to do a full reset guys like I Think I think we're on a really strong path, especially marketing.

4:22 - Matt Wright (GaiaNet)
  think marketing community is a phenomenal job You know, I think it's just really refining What the what the you know immediate objectives are for engineering, I think we're I think we're right path, but yeah to James's point like we got a bit faster So James and I are gonna do a little bit of a little structure on that side And then the fun is like it's it's going I think well in good sales, but on the actually big ticket fundraisers, I think we need to You know perhaps spring a bit harder so like Zina you and I should have like a proper one-on-one  But I, you know, a lot of this, I think, is operations and comms, you know, love to have that slack up and running so we can properly get organized on, you know, what, what working groups are accountable for work shins, currently, if, you know, as James and I are technically like leadership, like, I have no idea who's accountable for what, not the major problem.  You know, know we like live in DOW worlds, but, you know, we need to run this like a, like a, like a business right now, um, for, you know, poultry and spancy, it's beer, burn into cash, like, uh, we have like, let's just say ballpark 50K a month is spent on things that we really shouldn't be spending on, um, and so like, if we don't get it together and get a tight-knit group and team that just operates like a small business and not like a DOW, we run the risk of just never launching what we want to launch.  So, I definitely. But I think I mentioned earlier, we got like a $60,000 bill. I talked them down, got the discount, but I will be the only person that talks to lawyers from here on out.  I'm paying for the lawyers, so I think that makes sense. And like anything foundation related for the TGE and production of token, that goes through me.  But technically, our director who sits in Cayman Islands is Fiona or Mar Fire. And then, sorry, Mugen, Christine, is our operator on that side.
  ACTION ITEM: Create budget spreadsheet - WATCH: https://fathom.video/share/Qrx_xvFLq_ymt-nKYNi9RDpk6KPezZCz?timestamp=462.9999  So you're either talking to me, Christine or for anything foundation related, anything legal related, anything compliance. We do not have the kind of firepower to be just flowing through legal fees.  Like I wanna be spending more money on engineering. So if anyone wants any budget for anything, just come to me, let's plan it out.  Let's make sure. Optimizing those ROI behind it But we'll let's operate like this for now until we get a better hold on things and then till we launch this token cuz Right now North Star for us is is successful TV That TV There's no way we can continue operating.

8:18 - Xena Chernikova
  There's no, I don't know where we think money's gonna come from But that's that's that's gotta be the focus Thank you Matt James also think you're covering on your side of things Do you have anything to add for the plan for this week in terms of like measurable deliverables that we can put on the plan Maybe this is a great time for Kishagra.

8:44 - Kushagra Agarwal
  I'd love to Looping Kishagra as he's getting to lead engineering now Yeah, hey, hey everyone Good morning So as James mentioned last week, we wanted to like complete all of the stuff that he had planned out  And that was primarily like you know to getting the min function to work in Minecraft so that the vaults could Deploy their own tokens and get to swap with that and also to like to deploy multiple agents So they were like a bit of like niggles here and there in both of those workflows so Yeah, I mean this week you can't like take it all up and cover it up So this week will actually be having a new agent Which is the ember agent which will be enabling swap between tokens on Minecraft or the agents who are on the on on the Minecraft server and Also will be having the exit delegation The exo launcher which will enable us to like launch new Alice and Bob agents Which are basically builders and merchants on to server So the idea is to like scale the Already existing capacity to like multiple agents so that we can like then enable  New world agents from next week onward to join in and like contribute to like different workflows and yeah, so basically a new agents swapping and then Toby is currently working on a commentator agent which can basically look at things and take screenshots and then post directly on Farcast or or Twitter kind of like a live feed of how the news report would like cover a particular scenario but yeah that's kind of like something that we've been taking as a bonus that if they would like cover this one that would be good to have so yeah just to add to what James mentioned so we do not have like a very long-term roadmap of let's say what's gonna happen after a couple of months but then again all the steps that we are taking right now are kind of like leading towards a particular direction in which let's say you know we plan to get the POC you know the MVP like of the registry pretty much completed by the end of the month and  So while it may seem like because this has been one of the feedbacks from lot of people where they're like key, where they're like, they kind of like don't understand how the weekly deliverables kind of tie into the like larger narrative.  So yeah, I mean, they kind of do tie into the larger narrative because the tech that we are building right now is eventually being used by other people, you know, like for example, last week we onboarded the Ember SDK onto the history.  So that was only possible because we were able to like hit the deliverables, the feedback, the existing registry, know, working and all these things interacting from end to end manner.  So yeah, I mean, we're definitely like, make up for the dataset that we had last week, but yeah, this week we'll get there.  And do you need any help from the operational team or any other teams to make that happen this week?

11:58 - Xena Chernikova
  Nothing from my end, I think.

12:00 - Kushagra Agarwal
  We're pretty much all alligator in terms of resources and parties involved, so I think that's All right. Thank you for the updates.  James Cush, thank you for covering the tech side and a bit the business side.

12:15 - Xena Chernikova
  Let's move into the product side and talk about what was done last week. Alex, would you like to start?  I believe Cush just gave the update on the product side.

12:25 - Alex Lumley
  We've kind of separated out the middleware from the product side. Oh, yeah.

12:30 - Xena Chernikova
  Would you like to cover the plan for what was your main deliverable last week before we moved into this week?  Yeah, so the main deliverable for last week was I was helping Joe a lot with those conversations of what were the three conversations that we needed, or the most important conversations that we needed to have.

12:50 - Alex Lumley
  We wanted to walk out of Breckenridge with an investor story, which Pumkar is owning to be able to talk about and deliver in  give you all the feedback ziness so you can make the better depth. Two, we wanted to walk out with a product roadmap, which I worked with Cush and Cush was able to push out.  Three, we wanted to walk out with an engineering consortium, of like a problem solution pitch of what's pitched us to the engineering like Ember and all those teams.  We did not complete that, but we have a much better sense of what those teams need in order to feel value within engineering consortium.  And I believe that's whom car taken on the next one, but we'll have to look as we look at the operations of the project management of it.  The fourth thing we wanted to walk out with, which is what I'm responsible for, is the hackathon, or what is the next step in terms of getting teams in and driving some value to end consumer.  We walked out with a one-pager, which I believe I've shared, but now Coach J and I are going to meet to figure out, taking a bunch of other feedback we've gotten, what is the next step of the hackathon, and how can we best leverage that to validate some of the risks and assumptions?  So the goal last week was basically to walk out towards having conversations, but driving towards one-pagers, which we now have, and I believe now the responsible parties are doing something with those.  And the last part of that is part of what we're doing on Wednesday, which is we need to have kind of a North Star, a lean canvas, and some validations to make sure that we as a team are all aligned, and that we're driving towards testing those things, I'm sure in those North Star's.  And Matt, Matt, we're going to put a hypothesis together for those first, and then we'll obviously share them with you, but we're going to do the work first.  So Coach J and I are meeting a little bit later on today. All right. If anybody hasn't seen those docs, please let me know, because my telegram is still swamped from the Denver.  So I apologize, and I'm happy to have post those again. All right.

14:49 - Xena Chernikova
  I've seen you trying to catch up with the bot that you added to telegram.

14:53 - Alex Lumley
  Yeah, sorry.

14:55 - Xena Chernikova
  All right. So what is the key points? where you need help to make the help on this week? The biggest blocker that is I believe it's a team level blocker of this is why the Wednesday session is so important.

15:10 - Alex Lumley
  We need to for the hackathon or like this driving kind of value and testing out is like Matt helped us lay out on Monday or last week.  We need to ensure that it is validating the correct assumptions for the team to that the engineering team that maps to what engineering and product are trying to do and three that we actually have the resources to be able to do that.  And I think on Wednesday we'll have a much better sense of we'll come with the hypothesis of what we think that is but we need to ensure that like the engineering roadmap maps to what we're trying to validate maps to like what the fundraising strategy roadmap is and if we can get all those in and how we imagine that the hackathon working ties into that then perfect.  But right now it feels like every iteration of the hackathon that we've And it feels a little bit off for some reason.  So that's the biggest blockers, the Wednesday conversation of what are we trying to do. All right. And who are you working alongside with for the heck of fun?

16:12 - Xena Chernikova
  Right now Coach J and I are defining some of the validation parts of what do we each think this needs?

16:20 - Alex Lumley
  And Matt has helped a ton. I have a recording of him in a full notes and all that. So and then I believe Matt cried to him for a moment here.  But assume that we will end up bringing in someone to help us with that. Either Matt or Joe has that.  Which part, That we're going to bring in either Morton or Sabine to help with the heck of Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.  I reached out to Sabine. recall her this week.

16:49 - Matt Wright (GaiaNet)
  So do you want to include me in that call Matt or? Sure. Yeah. To be honest, it might be a quick one.  just going call her the phone and go through the. well spread. Yeah, I can add you once we get little more legs on it.  That makes sense. And Matt all say, I think I said the same thing that Joe is like, I think there's in general, it seems you need to do something.

17:13 - Alex Lumley
  The exact specifics of it are still have to be solidified based on what we're trying to do in the time and all that.  But in general, we probably want to do something. Right. Thanks, Alex, for covering that.

17:28 - Xena Chernikova
  Pankar, would you like to go next? Sure thing.

17:36 - Puncar
  I had my name mentioned in top of arms from our presentation. it makes sense to me, don't I? Yeah, so my top priority for basically, apart from what was mentioned in the break and reach alignment and everything was which you go to, investors, and things.  Honestly, going well. from the fact that if it's half price that it used to be so every enjoy it's like I'm poor right now I might write them check but that's the minimum kind of thing so they're excited which is good they just a little less they have less money right now which is not great but you know that's that's how the good times are there that like our product and our team actually create the sense like they want to be in so that was so that was my top priority there are other things so I like to mention like the investor story so couple conversion of it be created in break and rage you know from different perspective how mother actually can help different use cases how how it will operate and stuff like that still need to be fine-tuned about behalf couple versions so one is still the deck basically you know you created  another it's like a story of CDO, needed agents and and push also recorded another story. So we just need to like streamline it, make sure that we are using the most powerful one for our kind of narrative to get for like to get the investments in.  Then there are some operations that been working in with Serana on like updating Notion. So haven't we moved to new Notion, which is now owned by the official mother Gmail address.  However, we still need to fine tool some of the stuff we can really break from from there. And also this call can be run basically automatically in the Notion.  So all the projects and tasks are recorded. basically, this will be very much streamlined. We will see what everyone is doing with other brokers and so on.  It will be all like a project management. in the ocean. I'm done hopefully next week. My brokers are just time, it should be fine meeting with Sorana and Potentrico Jay later today.  That's probably it from my update. We mentioned other to-dos, but that's just to do. I don't think we'll speak to you.

20:23 - Xena Chernikova
  How can I have a little sneak peek into your activity with investors so that we have one place where we gather all the potential commitments and so on.  I have dedicated Google  for that, where I have all the information from Joe. have all the information from my chat.  We're going to have one-on-one with Matt. That would be great to also get that info from you.

20:48 - Puncar
  Yeah, so whenever they're like about to commit or they want to have a call, I'm opening the ground will be an adding dual.  So this is just my chat with them like, you know, hey, What have you been up to? How is family?  Like, I keep it for myself for a period of time, but when this is getting added to money coming in, I'm basically opening group chat with you all.  So you will be informed and then you can also put it in the Google sheet or stuff like that.  Do you have any indication of the interest expressed from your contacts so far?

21:22 - Xena Chernikova
  Yeah, so a couple of NGOs, basically like sub comments, we'll see how how high we can go.

21:30 - Puncar
  There are two VCs, think we have closed scheduled for this week, which will be like bigger checks and some people still have to reply, which it's understandable if they're and you know, everyone's slammed to their messages.  not sure the amount, I would say we can go from those replies may be up to 200k, but we'll see.  All right, all right. Please add me to the call if you're appropriate. All right, all right, so, no help that you need.  Yeah, I might need help on the extra slides we discussed for the deck. I still need to go through it, but actually will be useful.  And like, you know, also getting feedback from investors that they want to see. So we are not doing just like for no reason, but I might need some help or like research and like putting it together.  I'll probably add a little more in like what they are. Okay, last time we agreed that you would look into it and come back to us with coach when you need help, is it still the plan?

22:40 - Xena Chernikova
  That's the plan, but I haven't looked into it yet because of other priorities.

22:46 - Puncar
  Okay, then we understand why with that.

22:48 - Xena Chernikova
  Thank you. Thank you very much, Pankar. Joe, can you share something from your end? Yeah, sure. I guess I still can't.

23:00 - Disruption Joe (disruptionjoe.com)
  my nose. This week I've been I've probably set up like congregate or so groups for different potential like investor conversations and stuff and set out a bunch of them.  We've had a few meetings and the meetings are the main thing. They are focusing on getting the workshops built so that tomorrow when we do the workshop it'll be nice smooth sailing and we will walk away with actual outputs from each of those conversations.  well prepped workshop is definitely helpful to make it work well for everybody. So I've been doing the two of those.  I'm setting up the multi-sig for the for us to receive the staff funds. You know you don't want to use the same ones and see who's like participated in your  So after you went on a fresh wallet, so that there isn't that kind of thing. And then just, yeah, pushing forward the sale stuff.  Today, I was going to focus on also getting more of the top VCs when realizers is like we're definitely not like with the price movement, this weekend especially.  It really pushes us out of angel territory and into VC territory. Like there's times that the market's better for different things and that's fine.  I think our pricing is fine based on what the feedback we've gotten from all of them, but I want to move into more VC meetings.  So reaching out to hash and standard and multicoin and all of them, make sure we get all of them on the list.  Yep. So forth. Do you need any help this week from anyone in the team?

25:09 - Xena Chernikova
  No, James, Chris, you've been great being right there and, you know, offering support on any one of the important calls that I invite them to.

25:18 - Disruption Joe (disruptionjoe.com)
  Yeah, for the smaller checks, some of the particular inviting extra people in that, but for the potential bigger ones.  I appreciate that support.

25:30 - Xena Chernikova
  I'm going to help you with preparing for the Spartan call today, which can be very important for us. All right, thank you for sharing and get better soon.  I would like to see who I had missed Jonathan. All right.

25:54 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  What was the last week? people are in brack. I was just working on our content engine. daily. So I also had this really, really amazing four-part article on basically the economics and communication factors going into agents, agent to agent farmers.  So that will be coming out over the next several weeks, and then those are great pieces that we can share with lots of folks.  And then the plan for this week, yeah, a bunch of work with Alex, so we're going to be kicking off like a domain-side pilot program.  We're just kind of going to be hashing out some of the details for that. I'm not going to share too much on this call unless there's like really specific questions that people have or like they really want to know about that.  I'm just going to go through my list here first. I'm also working with James on an activation within Discord for a tipping function that will eventually in the long-term turn into like in Discord agent payments.
  ACTION ITEM: Brief Co-unity team re Discord tipping function - WATCH: https://fathom.video/share/Qrx_xvFLq_ymt-nKYNi9RDpk6KPezZCz?timestamp=1605.9999  So I'm going to be briefing the Co-unity team. I don't know if I'll have that. everything ready for you all.  I'm seeing cash and Xavier. I don't know if I'll have it all ready for you today. Definitely wait until this week.  have it ready for you. And then talk about that. Xavier's already been helping me get that set up. I'm not mad at Mother's Manifest.  We talked about how we need to have the what we should call just like summarize. So I haven't been doing that.  It sounds like we need to do that. So I just need to figure out a game plan around that.  That makes it super easy, but low lift and low lift and helpful for like any consortium engineers who want to catch up with us.  And then more content and stuff. And then a bunch of other things if there's time. In terms of blockers I have, one I think will be answered at our meeting tomorrow.  We're going to be talking about kind of like high level OKRs, tree and host TGE. And like my big question, if I'm leaning growth, it's just like, well, what does success for us look like?  And even to answer that question, there's probably a bunch of other questions we need to answer. So whatever needs to get answered, answer those questions so that I can answer the question of what does success look like.  And there's this way I can shape all of our. growth goals around that success. Also, I know Kush is already on it, but we talked about kind of product roadmap and just like gaps in where we're at now to what our final kind of like launch product looks like.  So just getting more clarity in terms of like what's going to get done not over the next like quarter or six months, but even just in the coming weeks is helpful.  And another blocker I put down here is Matt. I know you mentioned stuff about budget. So I have some stuff from Serana and yeah, I just need you to tell me like what you need and maybe we could just quickly hatch out those details and I can start working on that like pretty much right away.  So those are like the major platforms I would say from now. Yep, that's on my plate for today is the budget spreadsheet.

28:50 - Matt Wright (GaiaNet)
  Awesome, awesome. Thank you. Let me also get the rough roadmap to you for the end of the month by today.

28:58 - Kushagra Agarwal
  Let's do that again. Thanks, Coach.

29:03 - Xena Chernikova
  Great. John, can I help any blockers or anything like that? Those were my blockers.

29:11 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  just, if I can take like two minutes to explain some of stuff that Alex and I are working on, think is super important and will help inform a lot of, like, I think will help inform some of the conversations happening tomorrow, like on this like kind of like larger goal setting chat, is Alex and I are kind of putting some hypotheses together.  I'm going to make strong recommendations about which target markets we should start to pursue first. I think that'll just kind of give us some clarity because like, I don't think we have all the data.  I don't think we will, but it's just about making some strong educated like choices based on what available data we have in hypotheses.  So yeah, we'll present more stuff tomorrow. We're going to wrap everything up today and we can share that with you all tomorrow.  Today or tomorrow, we sink and then we can go into. Okay, so I call it with that information. Perfect, perfect.  Thank you. Thank you very much, Alex.

30:09 - Xena Chernikova
  What important call out question for you, Kush, you mentioned that you thought the MVP of the registry would be done by the end of the month.

30:20 - Alex Lumley
  Does that mean specifically in Minecraft, meaning anybody who wanted to participate in that, such as, I thought, or anything like that would have to do it through Minecraft, or what did you mean by that?  So Minecraft is just another client for us.

30:33 - Kushagra Agarwal
  It's like how Eliza supports multiple clients, like Twitter and all these different platforms in which we're interacting with the LLM.  So they're basically clients for the agent itself. So Minecraft is just another one of our clients in another people like added on to the repository.  So, as I mentioned, all the functionality which are being added to the Minecraft agents are also available to you to be used from, let's say,  gram or quitter or any other platform. So when we are adding features in Minecraft, the main reason that is to like enable some kind of visual component which is like appealing from a marketing perspective also and also like easier to understand for the people who are like not completely in the roots with how the tech is working because I mean if you are noticed before the Denver demo we were primarily doing demos using console logs and stuff where you know the communication was primarily shown as text messages which was not as much engaging that is why we shifted to the entire Minecraft format.  So now we have like a boilerplate for that. So anyone who's coming in is writing their business logic as a Minecraft agent.  So technically you see bots interacting on Minecraft but in the back end they're actually like doing all chain transactions and stuff and making stuff happen.  So even though the client is Minecraft the code is there. So technically all the work is being done is being done in the main repository.  So anyone who's like coming on to, let's say, if we aim for the Hackathon for next month, they'll be able to use the same repository and like spin up, yes, a Minecraft agent as well.  And also like the agents, which can also interact with the clients. So not exactly restricted to Minecraft, but intuitive Minecraft.  Cool. That's super helpful.

32:27 - Alex Lumley
  And Jonathan and I will come back with a more specific question on this, but it's helping us get a sense of like, if we do a Hackathon or when we can drive attention to the product and try to get people to come in and being realistic about what we can handle as a product and engineering team before pulling it coming into that.  Yeah. I mean, from what we get 100 perspective, that's one of the goals for the next week.

32:50 - Kushagra Agarwal
  So again, like scale the existing capacity of agents, like 10 and 15 agents and see where the bottlenecks are and see where the cracks are.  So that's. one of the plans going forward because you want to like get into orchestration and the AVS in the coming weeks.  So that let's say after the integration of AVS we have kind of like this complete understanding of the other system works.  This is how let's say each component of the part interacts with each other and this is how let's say the AVS governs all of them.  So that's basically like a lot of stuff has been added on the Minecraft. It's just because it's a client and a lot of stuff is added on the backend.  So our goal is like not to make like a super functioning Minecraft Minecraft bot but more importantly like the tech which can support all the other agents who are on the registry.  So that's basically the direction that we've been taking at product right now. And yeah, I'm happy to answer any more questions over there.  Yeah and once once Coach J and I sit down and like write out some more of like what that means for  members in the hackathon all that.

34:01 - Alex Lumley
  I'll come back to the questions, but just right from Joe, one thing I'm hearing is that our timing for the hackathon, the engineering and product team would probably not be able to handle bunch of teams coming into a registry.  So as James pointed out, it might look more like a season zero. And if we do a hackathon, it would be more like that.  That's what I'm hearing.

34:21 - Disruption Joe (disruptionjoe.com)
  Yep, let me hear the same. All right, was muted.
  ACTION ITEM: Engage in Discord community discussions min 5min every 2nd day - WATCH: https://fathom.video/share/Qrx_xvFLq_ymt-nKYNi9RDpk6KPezZCz?timestamp=2075.9999

34:31 - Xena Chernikova
  Thank you. Co-unity team, would you like to share your update? Natasha? Yeah, great.
  ACTION ITEM: Engage in Discord community discussions min 5min every 2nd day - WATCH: https://fathom.video/share/Qrx_xvFLq_ymt-nKYNi9RDpk6KPezZCz?timestamp=2075.9999
  ACTION ITEM: Engage in Discord community discussions min 5min every 2nd day - WATCH: https://fathom.video/share/Qrx_xvFLq_ymt-nKYNi9RDpk6KPezZCz?timestamp=2075.9999
  ACTION ITEM: Engage in Discord community discussions min 5min every 2nd day - WATCH: https://fathom.video/share/Qrx_xvFLq_ymt-nKYNi9RDpk6KPezZCz?timestamp=2075.9999

34:38 - Natascha Tiotuico
  Thank you. up to now we've been working on the Discord on getting new members online. We are a bit blocked and could use your help.
  ACTION ITEM: Engage in Discord community discussions min 5min every 2nd day - WATCH: https://fathom.video/share/Qrx_xvFLq_ymt-nKYNi9RDpk6KPezZCz?timestamp=2075.9999  So a big thing in Discord communities is if the core team is kind of showing up, even if you just talk about your weekend and not about things.
  ACTION ITEM: Engage in Discord community discussions min 5min every 2nd day - WATCH: https://fathom.video/share/Qrx_xvFLq_ymt-nKYNi9RDpk6KPezZCz?timestamp=2075.9999  So if everyone could take maybe five minutes every second day or so and look into the Discord, get involved in some talk that you find interesting, it would help a lot with engagement.
  ACTION ITEM: Engage in Discord community discussions min 5min every 2nd day - WATCH: https://fathom.video/share/Qrx_xvFLq_ymt-nKYNi9RDpk6KPezZCz?timestamp=2075.9999
  ACTION ITEM: Engage in Discord community discussions min 5min every 2nd day - WATCH: https://fathom.video/share/Qrx_xvFLq_ymt-nKYNi9RDpk6KPezZCz?timestamp=2075.9999  We've grown the community to 430 members. We're looking at Coach Shae to start focusing on the community persona, which is getting more important now that we're pivoting a bit.  What we do experience is a lot of people come and ask about the NFT and the token and if could have reliable information that we're allowed to share, that would be very helpful to, like, centralize that information for us to get into those discussions and be able to.  to help the people who are interested, to actually get some answers feel like part of the team or interested that would help us a lot.  Then so the growth plan, we have lots of ideas on how we can grow like if we could get Collabland Discord and Gaia Discord to support us on driving traffic to to mother.  That would be like a super opportunity to grow even faster than we are right now. So those are the things that I could use or we can use help on.  And up to now like I've done some user research to help on creating lean canvases for AI agents. I have been talking to Alex about this and I collected some user research and just have  to put it into lean canvases. we have more an idea on what are the different agents that are even needed and what would be their business model value prepositioning behind that.  So we're also helping on that. Close doing, as Coach Shea said, the tipping and token gated role system, we're integrating that.  If there's anything that you see that could be improved on Discord or you would like to have a talk to like how we can engage more, please just come to us.  And that's like everything from our side. Let me address and then Xavier will let you also share.

37:48 - Xena Chernikova
  As for the node sale, we spoke with Xavier about it. We're going to create some short information memo about the node sale for you guys to be able to  to share. So that is looked after. And then I've just seen in the comments who suggested potentially having a weekly AMA sessions on Discord.  Would that solve the problem that you're having?

38:17 - Natascha Tiotuico
  Natasha? Yeah, it doesn't even need to be like that big of an AMA session. It's just people seeing people talk from this round in the Discord, like even just saying, hey, hello mother.  It just shows that we're showing up. It doesn't have to be like a huge event, rather those small things to see, oh, are normal people and they're engaging.  But AMAs, if you have the time for it and we're not blocking more important, like other important things, it would be great.  So I'll take that and come back to you, push. All right.

38:59 - Xena Chernikova
  you. So we are serving massive problems with my microphone center switch.

39:06 - Xavier Finlayson
  Yes, that could be great idea, I think. And I actually noted down while you were talking earlier that some sort of ongoing stream of information around the agents that are being built would be fantastic, whether it's we can do, you have enough info that we can do announcements and get discussion going or without having people have to use their time be involved.  And just some sort of date stream slash dev diary, whether it's on just the agents or across engineering, I think be fantastic, even if the info was summarized and sent to me a couple of times a week or every week or something.
  ACTION ITEM: Set up GitHub feed for dev-centric resources/activities - WATCH: https://fathom.video/share/Qrx_xvFLq_ymt-nKYNi9RDpk6KPezZCz?timestamp=2374.9999  Related, sort of related to that. got get back on the Harris for the GitHub feed set up that I wanted, as soon as we're trying to target more developer centric resources and activities.  And just the library. What Tash was saying about people dropping in, that was my suggestion and it's because I feel that one of the defining differences of Web3 is that access to the people they're actually building stuff.  Particularly in big names, if you could find 20 minutes a week just to drop in and not plan to talk about mother or agents or anything, just start talking about your weekend and questions will obviously come up, but that sort of stuff I find snowballs quite quickly when people start saying who they've been talking to, particularly if they're well-known people, which we've got a bunch of in this group.  All right, thank you very much.

40:45 - Xena Chernikova
  We have five minutes until the end of the call, I'm going to share my update as well, I've been mostly focusing on creating systems for coordination for everything related, the pre-sale and token sale, token sale, node sale.  happy to help more if anyone needs, you know, help with any particular context, any particular calls, any documents. I've seen yesterday it was shared the conversations from Greg, right, before there was only punk cars.  And now I've seen that there are others. However, Alex, is it only available as a transcript? I haven't seen video there.

41:25 - Alex Lumley
  Sorry, were you talking to me? Yeah, yeah.

41:28 - Xena Chernikova
  I was asking about those features, about what mother is on behalf of coach, on behalf of punk car and probably yours.  They are in the investor project where... Yeah, I've seen that. It's just, are you planning to still do some work with those files or this is the final version?  Yeah, car is, he's owning those, that turning those in, like the recording or something.

41:57 - Alex Lumley
  Okay, because the format yesterday wasn't quite... uh comprehendable. Okay, yeah, um, those those transcripts, spunk or jasmine to upload the transcripts, um, they're the one thing that is probably missing is the video from, um, from what was she trying to try that?  Well, uh, Sydney, I believe you recorded Cush in, in that in Brackenridge.

42:18 - Xena Chernikova
  Yeah, Sydney left. Uh, but yeah, we need that, uh, Minecraft video from Sydney. Uh, someone was gonna text her yesterday.  I don't know what's the status on that. Yeah, I'm looking forward to seeing finalized versions of these, uh, for what mother is.  Uh, far, seen bunkers and I've already incorporated that into the bag, for example. Right. Uh, a couple more minutes to go.  no sale is going and, uh, gonna each stack is ready. have a number of soft, uh, and also commitments that are hopefully this week going to all be converted into science softs.  So that is work on the progress. So if any of you are having conversations, please make sure to let me know if there is indication for any interest, if there's any group, any questions, anything that we can help you with to close that and turn it into money.  I believe that's that. Thank you very much. I'm gonna take the notes of the call and I'm gonna convert them in a structured way so we can all come back to that work through accountability look and from now on we'll be doing it starting with what was done last week, reflecting on the plans made and what was not made and then learning from that to make it better next week.  yeah we're designing the new system so thank you for being flexible today. just go in flexible. That's it. Thank you all.  If anyone has any closing notes in the last three minutes, feel free. Mike is No, okay, well, good. Let's enjoy this couple three minutes between our next course.  Thank you. Ciao Ciao. Thank you. Thank you, everyone. Thank you, guys.
