Mother All-Hands Weekly - July 14
VIEW RECORDING - 28 mins (No highlights): https://fathom.video/share/spd3Kq3QPfWdBJFyLdUqDy1dB1DxYm6k

---

0:00 - Natascha Tiotuico
  We the community again, like asking questions and getting blazy to maybe daily ask something towards AI, and then once we launch, hopefully we'll have more activity at least.  Okay, perfect. Yeah.

0:19 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  Update on Gaia is that they've moved their TG back again, of course. July 29th is the date that they got exchanges to line up on.  So that's the date. It's happening in 15 days, basically. So it's perfect that you've got the community activated now because the quiz agent will come out this week and then we have that couple weeks to start testing it out in the Gaia server and our server.  And it gives me two, it gives us two weeks to start getting this like AI sovereignty alliance and a business all lined up.  Cool.

0:57 - James Young (Collabü§ùLand)
  Awesome. Yeah, quiz agent is almost there. I've been wrestling with it over the weekend, but yeah, very, very, very, very close, like always.  Yeah, it's just two steps forward, one step back. Yeah.

1:15 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  Cool. I actually forgot to update the dashboard because I've been busy working and setting up a new dashboard for this AI Sovereignty Alliance thing, and it was just such a mess.  I started making it like an Airtable because I thought I needed some like more advanced mechanisms, but I really don't.  It needs to be super simple, so I'm going to undo some of this Airtable nonsense. And although it's been nice to use Airtable because Airtable, you know, you can use it like a chat box.  Like you can just type in what you want and then it just like creates it for you, which has been really nice, which you can also do in a paid notion as well.  So let me, what we can do is we can make an agenda in here, just like a quick agenda.  So, I mean, quiz agent, we just talked about. out. And then we also need to just talk about, sorry one second, next agent, and then let's talk about the AI Somerity Alliance, Asa.  Anything else we need to talk? I think that where this is going to be a relatively short meeting, we're kind of like in execution mode.  There's less coordination that needs to happen, I think, up front. So quiz agent, ideally, this week. And then I want us to start thinking about some of those next agents.  It sounds like, again, based on how the quiz agent went, like, I don't know, James, what your thoughts are for a quest agent and how realistic it is to get that ahead of the guy at PGE, or is it better just to commit to just quiz and staking and then have a quest agent, like, down the road?  So, if we even want to pursue that as an agent that we want.

3:04 - James Young (Collabü§ùLand)
  Yeah, I think just on the safe side, I don't want to overcommit and, you know, let's see how the quiz agent and the feedback from the quiz agent and the staking agent occur.  And then we can have the quest agent be part of post-TGE for Gaia. Okay, perfect. I think that they'll take it anytime they can.

3:26 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  The only advantage for us is that we get more data. That's all. But it's not a big deal. If it's still live for lists, still live for intuitions.  I think that's lots of data we can harvest. What's with the poll agent?

3:41 - Natascha Tiotuico
  Is that still easy to generate from the quiz agent? Yes, that is.

3:51 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  Okay, cool. Cool. That sounds good, Matt. So, quiz agent, for what you all have missed, because I think 08 also did.  At the exact same time, agent going live this week, then James has committed to a staking agent, oh yeah, I'm putting those words in your mouth, you committed to a staking agent, yeah, but the quest agent will just kind of hold off until, like, we'll get to that when we get to that kind of thing, it's not urgent, though.

4:19 - James Young (Collabü§ùLand)
  The staking agent, I'll have to just put in a caveat, I'm not going to create the staking contracts, because those are things.  Yeah, just the transfer agents, but we're calling it a Yeah, yeah, yeah, that's right, that's right.

4:35 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  Yeah, and Matt, maybe you could answer as well, in terms of Gaia and plans for, like, locking up tokens and incentivizing people to lock up tokens, is there a plan for that?  Like, is there going to be a contract set up where people can get tokens in the airdrop and then lock them up somewhere?  And who's responsible for that?

4:57 - Matt Wright (GaiaNet)
  That would be Ian. We have initial... The official staking won't be ready until our AVS is live in like a month and a half, but Ian is doing a, yeah, there's like a staking type mechanism for the XP program.  Okay, great.

5:18 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  And so just so you understand the mechanics of what we're doing, right, with this, again, Mother's GM, it's all about proving utility in TGEs.  And so James is going to be building what we're calling a staking agent. It's really just a transfer agent.  So that instead of having to go to this website or that link or whatever it is, just all in Discord, you can get your tokens there.  And then you can stake with the staking agent and it just sends it to the contract that Ian would set up.  So I'll coordinate with Ian on that front so that people can do it from Discord much, much easier. And it's still the same staking contract anyway.  And this way we get to see how many tokens are being locked up with, you know, other agents. So it's a big bonus for us.  guys. Bye, Okay, cool. I think that's it on the agent front. Anything else in terms of the build front that we need to talk about?  Oh, Ember. They just ghosted us. They're just completely silent in the chat since we saw them in cans. They just have absolutely not responded.

6:23 - Matt Wright (GaiaNet)
  They've been traveling. They're just getting back, but let me see. Okay, I figured. Okay.

6:30 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  I think for that on that front, let's just have a kickoff meeting, Matt, because I know, you know, you have a way with people.  You're very charming. So when people meet you, they're like, yes, of course. And then when they actually come back to the computer, like, wait, did I agree to?  So let's have like a kickoff call and make sure they're like fully aligned and what they're ready to commit to instead of like, in terms of like dev resources, because I really would love to bring that.  So in as co-founders. Get the vibe kit integrated as well and figure out what we need to do, what they need to do, et cetera, right?  Okay. Cool. So, yeah, we'll just hold off. We'll just wait until they respond and we'll get something in calendar.  Anything else build-wise, James, you're thinking about? Okay. Okay, cool. Let's talk about the AI Sovereignty Alliance. So we have gotten a thumbs up from everyone.  Yay! So Gaia's interested, Lid's interested, Intuition's interested. I haven't reached out to Recall because they're in Q4, so I don't know if we'll end up doing this with them or not.  Maybe I'll actually just start a conversation with them and just see if they want to participate because the more people we get under this umbrella shilling each other's coins, not shilling each other's coins, but like pumping each other up around their TGEs, the better.  So even if Mother launches and Recall comes afterward, I think it would still be helpful for them to have Gaia and Mother.  and Linn and Intuition all pumping up their token. So let me get in touch with them. And then Matt, I saw you started a conversation with Provado as well.  Let's kind of get a pulse of like how realistic it is that they're actually going to TGE basically in the next six months so that we can get them into this coordination thing as well, because we want them promoting the Gaia TGE as well.  So if we can lock it down in a couple weeks, the better.

8:28 - Matt Wright (GaiaNet)
  Yeah. And then what's, um, uh, so Billy and I talked a lot in con and, uh, you know, we want to have our own XP program in mother.  Is that kind of part of this? you think? Cause we want to start hinting that, uh, you know, as we onboard the nodes and or you're building an agent on top of those nodes.  Um, and if like you're using intuition through that process or collab line, like we want to kind of hint that there's like going to be incentives.  Um, um, um, uh, with mother token and with partner token. So do we want to kick off some sort of XT program ourselves?  Yeah, so that's up to us.

9:06 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  the way that I'm positioning this is that I really wanted to reduce the coordination that was required on everyone's behalf.  So I wanted to leave everyone pretty autonomous to come up with their own mechanics, how they want to collaborate with the other TGEs.  So basically, Gaia TGE is going to kick off, and then Gaia will almost be pretty autonomous on its own.  Like, don't have to really consider too many mechanics at this point because you're the first TGE that's going to happen.  Then lit is going to happen in August. I've already been talking to Eli. They're ready to take some of their airdrop allocation and allocate it in terms of some mechanic to people who are either, I don't know, we haven't agreed to it, but either participating with the quiz agent on the Gaia Discord, or maybe they received the Gaia token, or maybe they staked the Gaia token.  Like, they It can come up with whatever mechanic, but the point is that they're rewarding people who are engaged in the Gaia ecosystem with LIT tokens.  And then intuition is going to do the same. They're going to set up some mechanics for those who got engaged with Gaia, got engaged with LIT, they're going to get some intuition tokens.  And then we, as a group, will talk about Mother, you know, again, rewarding all of these things. If did you do a quiz with LIT and intuition and Gaia, you're going to get a lot more tokens than if you just did it with one.  So we are just, this group here is responsible for Mother's XP program and everyone else is responsible for their own XP program.  But the key commitment is that we are going to be rewarding our community members for being involved with other communities.  That's kind of the implicit agreement. Does that make sense? Yeah. And how much that reward is, I'm just going to leave it up to every project.  We don't want to start telling people what to do. I think that's coordination. It's going to cause a lot of friction.  Yeah, I think the coordination tax, avoiding the coordination tax, I think, is a great idea.

11:09 - James Young (Collabü§ùLand)
  Yeah. So that's kind of the idea.

11:12 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  So everyone's kind of aligned. We're going to put it under this joint narrative of the AI sovereignty alliance. So the more we can get under it, the better.  if Bravada wants to join, that's great. If Recall wants to join, that's great. And the commitment that we all have to each other is to promote each other's TGE.  One of my goals of driving this initiative is to make it as easy as humanly possible for them to do that.  So I will create all of the copy, all of the graphics, everything. All they need to do is hit.  Like, I'm going to get in touch with them in the days ahead of time. And all they need to do is publish it on our behalf.  Because I have, like, mother's interest in mind to, like, at its core. Because the more that they're all promoting each other, the more...  So recognition Mother is going to get so that when we do have our token launch, anyone who has participated in any of these TGEs will have heard of Mother and know that it's a key part in this ecosystem of activity, right?  So what I've been working on today is, I was telling Tash and James, was getting my Airtable skills going and realized that it's way too robust of a tool for what it is that we actually need.  So I'm going to maybe redo this a little bit, but basically this is kind of like the one page dashboard.  And what I'm going to do is, am I sharing my screen here? Yeah. Okay, there it is. So I'm going to send a Loom video every week with just an update and just asks for everyone.  And we'll have kind of like just high level, like what's the timeline on the TGEs? What's this week's focus?  What are some quick stats about how things are going? And then like the asset libraries, so people can easily grab different templates and stuff like that.  I'll probably send this directly to whoever's in charge of posting it so that people don't have to grab what I'm pushing the content instead, but this is kind of like our one-page landing thing, and I created the TGE group, I think everyone's in Sydney, I'll double-check that you're in it as well, and that's where purely we will coordinate and do weekly updates for making this a success, cool.  Any questions about that? I think it's pretty straightforward. Okay, great. And then Tash and Zero8 will work together to actually execute on this and make sure it's all going out.  So Zero8 especially would love your help with coordinating with some of these groups, making sure they're getting the right messages at the right time.  One thing that's really important is if you think about someone that's about to do a TGE, they got a lot of  on the go.  So we want to like message them like right at the right time. We don't want to message them like .  Three weeks out or something like that. We want to give them a heads up three weeks out, but we're messaging them like a couple days before and like, hey, can you slot this into your, you know, your pipeline of content that's going to go out, et cetera, et cetera.  Cool. And Ash is already talking about how she's starting to reactivate the mother community, which is great. So in mother, we're going to be talking a lot about this.  So all these templates are going out. We're going to be promoting this on X. We have Discord templates as well to promote this.  I even included email ones, just in case people do have email lists and they want to let their subscribers know.  I don't know how much people are doing email marketing, but I want to give the option. So that's like the main update on the AI Sovereignty Alliance.  Is there any questions about that and then any other items that we need to talk about today? Yeah, go ahead.  Yeah. Yeah. Hey.

14:54 - Razvan Matei Popescu
  So when you were referring to the groups that I should reach out to. Are we talking about Gaia, Intuition, and Lit?  Or are there any others?

15:06 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  Right now it's just those three, and then we might invite a couple more and we'll confirm those. Ideally this week, by the end of the week, we'll have the full list.  We should have everyone locked in at the beginning. I don't want too many people joining afterward. We want people participating in the full experience.  think that's just a much stronger narrative. Great question. Great question. Anyone else have any questions? And if not, any other agenda items that we need to talk about from the mother front?  I know James, Tash, 08, we've had a lot. Oh yeah, Tash, go ahead, please. Is there anything new with Mantle?

15:51 - Natascha Tiotuico
  How we have to plan that in for also integrating Mother Orchestrator there? Yeah. I think the only thing that  They're waiting.

16:01 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  Mantle is like a tentative yes, and I think they're using it strictly from a tooling perspective, so I don't know if they're necessarily going to participate in this AI sovereignty alliance narrative.  We can make some requests from them, but I think they're just interested in the tool, and that's great. We'll just have that be a part of our use case template that we've already started up and we're going to measure things in.  Great question. Thanks for reminding me. I always forget about Mantle because it was just such a side. Yeah, I just wanted to make sure we don't forget them with all the TV things happening and stuff because that's also a cool opportunity for us to show off.

16:45 - Natascha Tiotuico
  Are you in the group with us, by the way, Tash? I'm in a group with Oz and Toby, but I don't know if there's another group.

16:57 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  I just got introduced to them in a group, so maybe I'll just... Add you so that you can be the thorn in my side reminding me.  Okay. As soon as the quiz agent bot is live in the mother discord, let's get their admins in there and let's get them testing it out and then let's get it into their discord so they can test it out as admins.  And then they'll use it soon afterwards. Anyone else have anything on the agenda mother-wise?

17:26 - Natascha Tiotuico
  What I also had maybe is the verification role. I saw starting with Lit we're planning to onboard other agents.  So maybe we should in one or two weeks start planning out how would new agents be onboarded so we can get that flow going, have them like join the mother or whatever we see fit for that onboarding process.  Okay, cool.

17:57 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  Yeah. that. I'll Question do that. things. I'll With the onboarding, was planning to kind of start onboarding after the initial TGE, so we're keeping it super clean with just the Gaia TGE, it's just QuizAgent, and I also need a, did we get an update from Intuition about where they are with the visual registry?  Did Alex chime in on that? Because I told him mid-July, so I'm hoping that he'll have that visual for us.  Okay, I'll follow up with Alex on that, and you were asking about the, like, agent onboarding campaign. So I have that in my to-do list.  I have, like, a form right now, and I put it on our website, so if people, like, you know, we still have the same tagline, like, earn passive income with your agent, whatever it is, and you just, you click that, and it gets to a form where you can put in your agent's information, and I'm just building a list there, so we could direct.  We'll go to our website to that form to sign up for now.

19:04 - Natascha Tiotuico
  Yeah, it was more about like combing through because for the lit TGE will happen quicker than we can probably look at and like we'll all be busy with checking Gaia out.  So like in one or two weeks, I would remind again to let's think about what kind of 15 agents do we want to onboard to support the lit TGE and what is our goal there so that we don't miss it and that we can kind of coordinate that to drive the story we put in the presentation.  I'm glad to help support as well.

19:46 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  Yeah, I think it won't even be which kind of 15 agents like based on the agent quality that I've experienced and like our conversations with agents, it's like who is actually ready to onboard and let's just try to get it.  As many as we can, because most of them still haven't built MCP servers, most of them still haven't integrated any A2A frameworks, most of them are trying to do their own, like it's plastic crypto, just building in a little silo on their own, so let's see who we can get, that's my thought post on that.  Cool, let's dive into more detail maybe next week, because we do have time with that. Another thing I have on this item is Friday calls, I just wanted to check in and see how those were going, haven't been in the last couple I know, I will be able to do this Friday, I'm curious about how the what we ship calls are going, if we want to continue those, we want to change the format.  I know Matt, you kind of floated that idea, but I wanted to kind of ask everyone how we felt about the Friday calls, if they were useful or not, I just want to make sure that we're using our time effectively.  We have this all hands, which is, I find pretty useful. So yeah, I'm just up. I was looking to prune meetings from my calendar, so I'd love to check in and see how we're feeling about it and how we want to use that time.

21:08 - James Young (Collabü§ùLand)
  I would suggest that we maybe make them really shorter and maybe change the format of them and then use them or shift forward using them more like marketing for this kind of alliance, potentially.  Sure. I think it should. Yeah, I'm with James.

21:29 - Matt Wright (GaiaNet)
  I think it really should just be like a Twitter space every Friday or whatever public format. And it should be an invitation to our partners that come and share what they're working on.  It's free marketing for any of these partners. I know our team all forced them to go share something they're building.  That's really the point of that call. We don't need massive internal calls every week. Yeah. Yeah, I think it should be made public on Twitter spaces as well.

22:00 - Sydney Lai (GaiaNet)
  Okay, sure.

22:02 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  And we shouldn't talk, yeah, we shouldn't talk too detailed in TGE, a ton of compliance issues there.

22:08 - Matt Wright (GaiaNet)
  Oh, yeah. So I think it could just be like, hey, we built this tool for potential TGEs or like token launches and, you know, not mention the partners that are doing it, but at least share what we're building.  ZeroE, did you have anything to share before I chime in?

22:25 - Razvan Matei Popescu
  Yeah, just something to add, like, maybe we can also invite, cause like we have like, we have like 200 groups in Telegram with AI agent builders.  So we can share, if we do a space on Friday, we can share the space with them and we can ask them to chime in to join.  So it can also become like a X platform for like AI builders. So in time we can build a community of like really aligned like AI folks.

22:53 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  Okay, cool. Um, I'm kind of like lukewarm on the idea of doing Twitter space just only cause I-- Think about who is it for and who is actually interested in hearing about that kind of stuff, but I'm open also to trying.  We might as well just do a Twitter space, who shows up, do it for several weeks to measure, and then we can decide if this is a good or bad use of time.  I remember when we started these calls, there was too many people getting into the calls, so I'm open to just making it go public.  Same time, just on Twitter spaces, we can do the first one this Friday, I can start promoting it, and yeah, we'll invite all of our projects.  But it really is to share, not about any AI project, but it's about to share work for partners, actual partners, who are using Mother technology, or who have integrated with Mother, or who Mother has integrated.  So these AI projects, yeah, they're great, but they haven't done anything with Mother except show up on a live stream, so I don't really.  I think it's also a good promotional for the Alliance.

23:59 - Sydney Lai (GaiaNet)
  and Well, have isn't I think it's on brand. then, Coach, I did just drop a URL in the chat, so you can just include that in your notes.  It's kind of a precursor to the alliance. Okay, super. And it has traction. Okay, great. Actually, I love the framing of the alliance.

24:17 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  I appreciate that. It's actually way more helpful for me to put my head around it. But I'm just so, I get coin, man, we just did, like, we tried, we just did everything, and it was just always like, let's just try this.  And it was just like, I just, I always ask, like, why are we doing this? Why are we really doing this?  So we use the time well. But anyway, I love the idea of just starting the momentum around the alliance, and then we can start talking about it much more openly, and inviting those who are part of it to participate as well.  So that's great. Which is really cool as well, because, you know, in terms of an alliance, I was like, talking, thinking about it, like, are we the spoke of a wheel, or is it more like a net?  And I think that if mother hosts these talks, it kind of sets up. Except for the spoke of the wheel, and I much, much prefer that, because then it's really about, like, the mother TGE at the end of this thing, but I want to make sure partners feel like we're all part of this together, including the wonderful folks at Gaia who are, you know, supporting us through this.  Cool. Okay, so that's an action item for today. I'll get that set up for Friday. Anything else?

25:27 - Natascha Tiotuico
  Unfortunately, I won't be here this Friday, so I can't, like, show off the Discord quiz agent if it's running on Discord.  If somebody else could take over that, if we have something cool to show, I would very much appreciate that.  Yeah, no problem. Yeah, I can be myself or James. I know there's gonna, there's gonna be Fridays that we're missing.

25:51 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  If anyone's not here for Friday and wants to show something, just make sure someone is ready to take it or .  Or a pre-recorded video or something like that.

26:02 - Sydney Lai (GaiaNet)
  Coach, Toby is the dev role at Gaia who has a lot of the work streams for Mother, and then he does a lot of the demos as well.  So if you're ever in short or in need of quick demo turnaround time, he also does some of the spaces with Meowie here at Gaia.  Oh, amazing.

26:21 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  Okay, great. I'll get in touch with Toby then and see. It'll be pretty late for him, but I'm sure he'll join.  Okay. That's what it takes, that's what it takes when you work in, I think he's in, is he in Nigeria or he's in Kenya?  He's in Nigeria, right? Nigeria, yeah.

26:37 - Sydney Lai (GaiaNet)
  Okay, that's not so bad.

26:41 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  Cool. Anything else that we need to cover from other stuff? Yeah. All right. Then that's it. Have a wonderful week, everyone.  Matt, did you need to connect on it? Anything guy-wise, or are we good now?

27:03 - Matt Wright (GaiaNet)
  Nope, then we're good. Great.

27:06 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  Okay. Thanks. All right, well, have a wonderful week, everyone, and we'll see you all again on Friday. All right, chat soon.  Thanks, everybody. Good job.

27:13 - Matt Wright (GaiaNet)
  See you. Awesome. Thanks, everyone. Bye. Bye. You
