Mother All-Hands Weekly - September 15
VIEW RECORDING - 29 mins (No highlights): https://fathom.video/share/pb6FiHhB5tyF5qyW2pym_VUwsJxvMX7n

---

0:00 - James Young (Collabü§ùLand)
  Welcome, everyone. Happy Monday.

0:04 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  Happy Monday. Do we want to just pop into the agenda? Any items that we want to discuss here? Let's just co-create an agenda here and we can go through it.  Let's do it. Okay. Let's start, um, let's start, start, let's all, Celebrate! From the top, and then we can work our way down, unless anyone has any urgent things that they want to chat about.  For contributor agreements, I flagged this to Matt, like James, we spoke about it really briefly, just getting like, you know, we've been, some of us have been working on this project for a while, others are new faces.  But one thing we're not clear on is like, what does an actual contributor agreement look like? And, you know, how much is everyone expecting to be compensated once we actually do launch a token, and all this kind of stuff.  So, just creating really clear agreements around that. So, I just met with Matt about it, Matt's going to drive most of that, but I'm going to be whipping him in the background to make sure that that gets done.  So, hoping that next week, or, the thing is, is Matt's going to KBW next week. So, I'm really gunning that he does it this week, so that by next week, on this Monday meeting, I can be like, okay, here's what, you know, here's what we're thinking.  let's go that. And, you know, we can have any discussions if people are, like, unhappy with whatever it is.  But, yeah, that's just, like, a quick update on that front. 804, that's kind of what we talked about last time.  We're just really getting, like, the agent live streams up and running again, seeing this, like, cultural moment, all that kind of stuff.  Did not work on that last week. My commitment is working on that this week. So by next Monday, we'll have kind of, a game plan where we can start actually actioning on that as well.  That's my only update on there. And then TGE Messaging. Yeah, I'm just kind of, like, just following up daily with everyone in the TGE, like, AI Sovereignty Alliance to have them make sure that they're publicly sharing that they're part of the alliance, getting everyone stoked for LIT's TGE coming up in, like, literally a week.  So, yeah, I'm just going to keep sharing in that chat and having them, you know, follow through on their commitments, what they committed to.  Zero8, did you want to chime in real quick?

2:57 - Razvan Matei Popescu
  Yeah, yeah, sure. Some are, like, the growth. The at Billions actually asked me, when are we going to TGE?  I don't know what was the intention behind it, but I just wanted to share that with the group.

3:08 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  Okay, cool. And I spoke to Ravi, I don't know, who is it that you spoke to? Ravi, yeah. Oh, Ravi, yeah, yeah, yeah.  Yeah, you can just tell, we don't have a TGE date yet, but the intention, if I could wave a magic wand, it would be before the end of the year.  And it would be nice to have Lit go next week. Intuition is in mid-October, they're set for October 15th.  Billions is set for November, and what a little cool move it would be to have Mother happen in December.  So that's kind of like a target date for us, but well, let's see how things roll first. Okay, I think that's the update for me.  Let's move on to James here. James, why don't you go through your items real quick here? Yeah, I spoke with...

4:00 - James Young (Collabü§ùLand)
  Fathom morning, and Matt said that he spoke with you, Alex, and that you may be going to their offices, I think, on Wednesday or something like that, and what we are thinking about is figuring out how we can transition from, like, a leadership perspective where Alex can now kind of take the throne as he coordinates, and it dovetails into the second point with regards to the slide deck.  And I think that is what we want to focus on to get kind of a pre-sale going. The target, from what I understand from Matt, would be to use Legion and prioritize Legion, and as a backup we could use Echo.  And with this, a lot of this is geared toward a marketing focus, which is the point number three, so that we can coordinate this pre-sale.  Because that's just pretty much where the market is at. It's all about marketing. workflow? we use lithuÔøΩ—Ç–∞–∫–∏, And We  This has to also do with the TGE messaging, how do we set ourselves up for lit, intuition, billions, and I think that it would be amazing if we could get a plan together to have the mother TGE on the heels of those.  So as Coach Jay was saying, December, let's try and aim for that just to get that done. And a presale started as soon as next month.  So like potentially 30 days from now. And I think this is a time to really go for it because the market seems to be opening up here.  So I'm happy to help support in any way I can and help with any technical implementation or explanation. We  We have, I think, all the pieces kind of set. Really, it's a matter of coordinating and marketing with these other groups that are having TGEs as we gear up for our pre-sale, ideally through Legion.

6:18 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  Any comments, responses, kind words? Yes, I could go.

6:23 - Alex Sotiropoulos
  I was trying to speak earlier, but my mic was being weird, so I had to leave the call. I realized last week I didn't get a chance to really introduce myself, some of you are new faces.  So my name's Alex, I'll be kind of bringing or working on Mother going forward to give you some background on who I am.  I graduated with a bachelor's in industrial engineering from Purdue University. From there, I went on to working for around one year as a software quality assurance engineer out in Chicago at a digital marketing company.  And then spent the next three years at the same And company doing software engineering. I recently finished my master's from the University of Southern California in computer science.  And one of the key things that I worked on during my grad school, time at grad school, was I published a paper to determine the feasibility of an open crowdsourced framework for the fine tuning of large language models.  And more recently, I participated in the ETH Global Hackathon about a month ago. And the premise of our project was essentially mother.  And it just so happened that Matt was sitting across the table from me and we started talking and now here I am today.  So I'm really looking forward to getting to know each of you who I haven't met already and also learning from you guys as well.  And I guess in terms of updates, like James said, I am planning on. on. I'm leaving for New York tomorrow to meet with Matt and Sydney on Wednesday, hoping that meeting in person will really kind of kickstart the slide deck work.  I've already been working on it on the side, so I'd be happy to kind of share my copy of it.  I just have some basic like market data and also a very basic kind of network design. I'm planning on doing like a more technical network design diagram for the slides, at which point I'd love to meet with you, James, and get some feedback and suggestions there.  Awesome. Happy to help. Anyway, I can.

8:52 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  Okay, cool. James, you still have the mic in terms of any of your items, although I think that you make.

9:02 - James Young (Collabü§ùLand)
  Yeah, I think just to kind of get clarity, what I would like to do is start with deadlines and then work backwards from there so that we understand the timing and deliverables, because I think what we're seeing is that the window is opening up now, and we have prepped for a long time.  I think we just mentally need to shift gears here and just focus on execution, and this is why I think having Alex here could help as he ramps up.  I know that Alex has, you know, looked at the slide deck, and what we want to do is just, like, push forward here so that we can have the coordination.  So if we assume that we have a TGE, let's say, early December, as a date, and we start putting these down, we can actually work backwards from there when it comes to how do we support billions, how do we support intuition.  How do we support Lit? How do we get the pre-sale finalized? And then before the pre-sale is just finalizing the slide deck.  So working in reverse chronological order, I see those as kind of the different milestones that maybe we should start hashing out and start discussing.  So what are action items on that and who's going to take on what?

10:30 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  So I think Alex's camp here. Well, I think with the slide deck, maybe we'll start there.

10:36 - James Young (Collabü§ùLand)
  I think Alex is owning the slide deck and that's the motivation to go to the offices in New York to meet Matt and Sydney.  I'm happy to schedule a call either today or tomorrow with kind of a rough pass at what you need, Alex, when it comes to technical understanding, at least at a high level.  And then... And set a date where we want to get the slide deck done. I don't know, I'm just going to throw things out there just to kind of straw man this and get us having a conversation.  Let's say slide deck is ready to go in like two weeks and we submit and maybe modify the deck right after that for Legion and see what they have to say.  And we just need a response from Legion pretty quickly with that. And then at the same time, in parallel, I think it's Coach J leading with maybe Zeret and Tosh and maybe Francesco when it comes to building up the live stream momentum and getting people into our discord.  the The mother discord. And coordinating the slide deck, the Legion pre-sale with the live streams, and building up the community in Discord.  So maybe we can start there. Yeah. Just to keep it practical. And Alex, since you're going tomorrow, why don't you just kind of, you're in Slack already, right?

12:24 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  No, I'm not.

12:27 - Alex Sotiropoulos
  But yeah, I will be traveling most of the day tomorrow. Unfortunately, I'm in State College, so I'll have to take it.  I'm taking a bus and I'm hoping there'll be Wi-Fi on the bus. But yeah, I would love to like share what I have with you guys right now and then get some immediate and rolling feedback as I create new slides.  I could leave notes on kind of my general structure, the idea that I have of the structure for the presentation.  soon. Bye. Just to get some feedback because right now I just have like a few slides there and yeah, I think James, if we could meet maybe on like Thursday, that would be better.  I think it'd be nice to have a diagram already and have thought through it myself and then get your feedback.  Sounds great. Cool.

13:23 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  And Alex, you know, I don't know how you are on kind of doing work backs and timing and all this kind of stuff.  But if that's not in your wheelhouse, which is not a problem, you can just hit me up and we can get on a quick call and kind of like tease out some of those things as well.  I'm happy to partner with you on that. Cool. Yeah. Yeah, definitely.

13:41 - Alex Sotiropoulos
  I'd appreciate it. Okay, cool. Okay. So keep us posted on how you're meeting with Matt and Sydney's goes.

13:47 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  And then I think after that, well, you'll have a better sense of like how much work you might have ahead of you in terms of how quick, how far along you are with the deck.  If there's a lot of work to do or there's very little to do because you might get a lot done in that session.  Yeah. And then we can go from there and start that schedule of like, what do we need to get done in order to lock in this funding from Legion?  What meetings do we need to book with them in advance? All this kind of stuff we can talk about.  Yeah, sounds good.

14:12 - Alex Sotiropoulos
  I think that a two-week goal is a good goal for now. We'll try and shoot for earlier, if possible, even.  let's see. Super. I like earlier, that's great.

14:25 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  Okay, James, y'all good to pass the mic on to Tash? Yeah, sure.

14:31 - James Young (Collabü§ùLand)
  I don't know if Alex wanted to present his slide deck after it, Tash? Oh, yeah. Alex, did you actually want to show that right now in the call?

14:38 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  Yeah, I could present it now or I could share it with you guys after. I mean, like, the only thing is, James, do you really want to see this now or do you want to just wait until Matt and Sydney give their feedback and then we can go through it like next week, for example?  Right now, it's only just two slides for the moment.

14:57 - Alex Sotiropoulos
  So I'm going to add in, like, like once. add We'll If get the network design slide, the other slides, like our partnerships, our go-to-market strategy and stuff, I feel like will kind of fall into place.  So I can maybe just share offline what I have, and that way you guys can look at it in your own time.  Okay, cool. Does that work for you, Yeah, yeah.

15:26 - James Young (Collabü§ùLand)
  I just want to really try and, whatever it takes to move the slide deck forward. Yeah. Zero8, do you have anything to share before Tash takes over?

15:37 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  I can let Tash speak, and then I can share afterwards.

15:41 - Razvan Matei Popescu
  Okay, amazing. Tash, you have the floor.

15:44 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  Okay, so James already touched on a lot of the marketing for community.

15:49 - Natascha Tiotuico
  So as the next steps come, we deploy the quiz agent. I would like to create some storylines around what we've been developing.  as I'm. How are can't So that we can really capture the people coming into the Discord with this new wave because we kind of not burnt our audience, but they are kind of like very passive.  We have like four members that talk to each other that are high engaging, but we need to like bring the community in.  So my big thing would be as soon as we deploy, you and I sit together and kind of see where can we put the Discord link everywhere to start getting the people coming into the community and catching them with the vision.  And not only the CGE story, but with the vision, we wanted Mother to be like humans experimenting with AI.  How can they come together? So I would kind of build those questions. about would like And stories, quizzes, all around topics.  And then, of course, we sprinkle in the different technologies where, like, concrete use cases we have right now. OK, 08?

17:22 - Razvan Matei Popescu
  I'll let James chip in and share my ideas afterwards, because they tie in with your stash a little bit.  Yeah, thank you, Zeret.

17:30 - James Young (Collabü§ùLand)
  Real quick, I think, Tosh, what we want to do here with the quiz agent, and as we prep for this, is that I think it's going to be the same.  You earn XP points. And you do things in the mother Discord, and then you answering quizzes. And it's really just building up the hype.  I think it's really trying to really lock in and focus in on this TGE. right your your of the customers, need to that's Yes,  I know that it's in December, but it takes a few months to kind of really build up the community, and we really want to incentivize them to take these quizzes.  So it's really getting what does that XP program look like, I think, is a practical way of moving forward with the quiz agent to build up the community and then building up hype there.  And with the quiz agent and maybe the XP points, I know that we had talked about if you had, for example, as a TGE participant, if you participated in the guide TGE, then you get some amplification for the lit TGE, so on and so forth with the lit TGE to the intuition to the billions leading up to the mother TGE.  But we can also work in reverse order, right, where if you have certain XP points, this is where lit, intuition, and billions can come into play.  I'm not, because I know that lit has committed some, or earmarked, some of. So we were talking program for MOTHER is, so it may be that in the short term, if you, and depending on how quickly we resolve things, Matt and I, in terms of we have some outstanding payment issues, but getting the MOTHER quiz agent going, and it may be too late for LIT, but you can then focus in on intuition, and maybe that's even better because I think Coach J was saying that LIT is like next week.  So maybe we just focus on intuition. You have certain XP points that gives you, you know, it can work toward the intuition.  And so we can funnel people from MOTHER, hype MOTHER, do the live streams from MOTHER, and then if you participate in the Discord, you can get an allocation of intuition, or what they call trust tokens, and then same for billions.  So it can kind of work both ways, just to build up as much momentum as possible.

20:03 - Natascha Tiotuico
  To do that cross information, Jonathan, are you the right person to team up with on making that strategy?

20:18 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  Yes. So anything like promotional and stuff like that, you can team up with me. Like I said, I'm running a little bit behind on this kind of stuff.  I basically like, last week we talked about like the 8004 and like driving that narrative. But there's also, it's very clear, talking to Matt today, like we very much need to get people like actually showing how they're building an agent to plug into the mother registry, like on these live streams.  Like we need to show that. So I need to, I just had a chat with him like literally an hour ago.  So I need to kind of go over those notes as well as the notes from last week and just come up with this like plan that kind of captures both of those angles.  Alongside like the stuff we're doing with the TGEs and stuff like that. And I think with all of that together and then a solid community.  Plan, where we have exciting things going on in our Discord, we will hit the mark. Anything else, Tash, for you?

21:11 - Natascha Tiotuico
  No, for me, that's fine. Just the awareness, how we're going forward and gaining that speed, because I know that it's been very quiet, but I'm looking forward to that.  Okay, good.

21:28 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  Zuri, did you want to chime in before we pass it on to the Ember team? Yeah, sure. So just some ideas.

21:34 - Razvan Matei Popescu
  I know that, for example, Intuition has those campaigns in which you can earn, like, I don't remember the derivative, but you can earn some points for doing certain things.  Like, could we plug in, like, a task for moderator, like, to verify? I don't know. Anything about us? Like, how many?  We can think. think. About the task itself, but that could be a good plugin, because there's probably a lot of people that are doing those tasks, so we could get a lot of people into our Discord from plugging that in.  So that's one thing. Another thing would be there are a few InfoFi platforms being launched right now, and we should leverage those because they're in beta.  Not a lot of them, like, actually ask for capital like Kaido, but I'm thinking, like, with all the connections that this group has, like, we could probably get them to launch a campaign for us.  So when we get close to TG, we should, like, have a campaign using those, so for example, Rally, it's a platform launched on GenLayer, on ZK Sync.  So GenLayer is like an elastic chain. They don't require you to pay for the campaigns, they need to, they require a certain number of points from you as a user, so...  So when we get close to TGE, we can do that as well to kind of hype up the community that plugged in with, like, the intuition thing and with other things.  So there's a bunch of stuff we can play with there on growth. Okay. Amazing suggestions.

23:15 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  And for the first one, like, I would really love you and Tash to team up on how that works in the Discord.  Like, whatever you all need to do, whatever system you want to set up, whatever quests, you're a community of people.  So, like, you all know best on how to actually execute on that. Yeah, sure. I guess it's more a matter of approval.

23:35 - Razvan Matei Popescu
  So should we just ask the intuition team, hey, could you set up that? What does intuition need to set up for us?  Well, they have a kind of points campaign on their website where people do certain things and they give them some points.  So we could think of, like, a topic in which mother could be plugged in there. So people... Oh, I see.

24:02 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  So like if you accomplish quests on their plot, like if you accomplish quests related to Mother, you get points on the intuition platform.
  ACTION ITEM: Draft proposal for integrating Mother-related tasks into Intuition's points campaign
 - WATCH: https://fathom.video/share/pb6FiHhB5tyF5qyW2pym_VUwsJxvMX7n?timestamp=1443.9999  Yes, exactly.

24:13 - Razvan Matei Popescu
  Okay, cool. I would put together like a little proposal of exactly what that could look like.

24:18 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  And then the next time myself or James or Matt are talking with the intuition team, which could be like this week, we could get, I could make a very specific request for that.  But if you put together like a little blurb, and then send it over, I think just one of us in our conversations can send it via DM and then follow up.  Yeah, sure. I'm going to talk with Tash. Okay, amazing. Super. All right, let's hand it over to the Ember team.  Hey guys, how's going?

24:47 - Sebastian Varela
  Two kind of quick updates on our end. We just made a first appointment of the agent that we went into the registry, there's kind of a lot of business science functionality, or at least, you know, connected to the orchestra.  There's a few bugs we're working through, but looking to get that, you know, kind of iron out by the end of the week.  And then part two is we're looking to do, it's not directly related to UTGE as you guys are on, but we're probably going to be doing a pre-sale NFT, kind of a lifetime access to platforms play within the next month and a half or so.  We've been working at it for about a month, got a couple things in place now. I'm talking to Matt later today, I'll bring it up with him as well, but just wanted to, you know, bring that to attention too, in case there's any, I don't know, just ideas to follow around.  Cool.

25:46 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  Anything you need from us? Because that sounds great. Not, not really, no, just wanted to keep you guys updated.

25:53 - Sebastian Varela
  But I'll be talking to James later in the week for the actual integration into the weather orchestrator. And then, yeah, talking to Matt on the NFT thing later today.

26:01 - James Young (Collabü§ùLand)
  Part of the quiz agent, might be that, I don't know, Sebastian, if maybe this is what we should talk about and coordinate, if you reach a certain level of XP points by participating in the method of Discord, you get like maybe early access to that NFT or something like that?  Yeah.

26:19 - Sebastian Varela
  So the way that these NFT launches work, usually there's a certain number of communities that, you know, get some whitelist slots, right?  So definitely, obviously, would want to put, you know, some towards mother. think the XP threshold for getting into the web, this seems like a great idea.  You know, we can spend a little bit more time, you know, kind of thinking about the idea around that, but at a high level, that seems like the right approach.

26:46 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  Amazing. Okay, cool. So yeah, 08 and Tash, consider that as part of your scheming. And let's keep the Ember team know.  Anyone else have anything else that they want to cover? Yeah.

27:00 - James Young (Collabü§ùLand)
  So in terms of action items, what should we expect in terms of next steps or deliverables coming out of this meeting?
  ACTION ITEM: Create communications plan for thought leadership and building in public with Mother registry
 - WATCH: https://fathom.video/share/pb6FiHhB5tyF5qyW2pym_VUwsJxvMX7n?timestamp=1624.9999
  ACTION ITEM: Follow up w/ Intuition team about visual registry implementation
 - WATCH: https://fathom.video/share/pb6FiHhB5tyF5qyW2pym_VUwsJxvMX7n?timestamp=1634.9999

27:09 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  It sounds like Alex is going to keep us posted on how the conversation with Sydney and Matt go. It sounds like I am owing kind of like a communications plan for how we're doing thought leadership and how we're talking about building more in public with the mother registry.
  ACTION ITEM: Collaborate w/ Razvan on Discord community reactivation strategy (points system, hype building)
 - WATCH: https://fathom.video/share/pb6FiHhB5tyF5qyW2pym_VUwsJxvMX7n?timestamp=1638.9999
  ACTION ITEM: Collaborate w/ Natascha on Discord community reactivation strategy (points system, hype building)
 - WATCH: https://fathom.video/share/pb6FiHhB5tyF5qyW2pym_VUwsJxvMX7n?timestamp=1638.9999  also need to follow up with intuition about the visual registry. They still haven't done that. And then Tash and 08, whether it's earlier this week or later in the week, if you're waiting for my plan or not, are going to be thinking, are starting to think about what does it look like to reactivate the Discord community so that for the next couple of months we can like legitimately build it, have a points system, get lots of hype going in there because like we are going to launch a token at the end of the year and we need to build up this community like pretty quickly.  And it can be done. It can be done. and it's missing, It's not We have a very developed product or not, so it can't be done.

28:06 - Razvan Matei Popescu
  On that note, yeah, let's  go, but just community-wise, I would like to make a suggestion because we launched those NFTs back then, like the mother notes.  We should probably remember those people and consider them for the TGE. A hundred percent. will be getting a part of the allocation for the TGE.

28:29 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  There's no question about it. When we do one of our first airdrops for the things or whitelisting for people who are participating in other ecosystems, node holders will 100% be an early, early contributor to the project and they will get rewarded for it, for sure.  But good remembering. Yeah, awesome, awesome.

28:50 - Razvan Matei Popescu
  Because they will also help us activate the community organically. A hundred percent. A hundred percent, yeah.

28:57 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  Yeah. Yeah. Bye. Bye. Okay, good. And go.

29:06 - Sebastian Varela
  Okay. See you everyone. Have a great week. Bye.
