Mother All-Hands Weekly - September 22
VIEW RECORDING - 53 mins (No highlights): https://fathom.video/share/by6_uwX2zRbhPMS85edapB1jWcxAu95z

---

0:00 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  Yeah, that's right. That's right. I forgot he's in Korea.

0:03 - James Young (Collabü§ùLand)
  Yeah. Okay, I guess we're waiting for Alex. I'm assuming Alex is going to be joining? I'm assuming so as well.

0:11 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  All right.

0:12 - James Young (Collabü§ùLand)
  How was your weekend? Yeah, pretty good.

0:15 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  What did I do this weekend? Man, I've been working on this side project I have, and I had just another blocker, and I don't know.  It's like a coding thing, and I just don't understand code that well, and it's taken so long to do this, and I literally spent the whole weekend on this, and I still didn't ...  Every time I think I'm there, I'm only almost there every time. It's probably how you felt with the quiz agent.  Absolutely. Absolutely. It's such a side project of mine, and I could spend probably dozens more hours, and we have  to do with mother.  I have  to do with Gaia. I don't know. Yeah. So this morning, I just put up a ribbon on the site.  Let's it. that just says like it's not working right now because I have people buying this thing so I feel this like pressure to get it up and running and now this morning I put the banner up and I'm like ah I feel I feel more at ease now yeah expecting this thing to be running it can do it in my time so nice nice hey Alex oh I think he just left how about you how's your weekend good uh yeah my weekend is good unduly left for korea on Saturday she actually met up with Matt actually yesterday or today nice our last night uh and they hung out for a while uh and she also hung out with David from Lit Protocol as well okay the TGE has been pushed to October 3rd October 3rd okay cool so we haven't had a couple weeks well they still haven't posted that they're part of the AI Sovereignty Alliance they still haven't posted um that uh they haven't put on their websites so hopefully  This gives a little bit more time for them to, you see, I've probably sent them messages like seven or eight times about it, so Intuition also hasn't done it, so I'm going to keep following up with them too.

2:10 - James Young (Collabü§ùLand)
  Yeah, that's something that I wanted to talk about and bring up into this conversation, especially as Alex is ramping up because this is a good opportunity to kind of change the vibe here.  But I will tell you real quick before we get into that, Lit, I think will be Lit because they, man, we have too many recorders here.  But yeah, so I don't know if it's Alpha or whatever, but just some kind of market talk here. So we can talk about something.  I'm going to keep following up with Eli because Eli's not there.

2:52 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  So I'm going to just make sure because Eli's like, yeah, thanks for the reminder. So I'm going to keep following up.  Hey. Am I. Yeah.

3:01 - James Young (Collabü§ùLand)
  Yeah. You know, what I've come to realize, and this is now going into what I wanted to actually discuss and what I wanted to talk about, is we have a tremendous opportunity, but we have a lot of history and we have a lot of baggage.  And I think that part of that history and that baggage, because we've been going on for so long, is that there have been, when we started, and this is no dig on us or anyone, I mean, any project that first starts, there are going to be some misfires as the group comes together.  And we were able to galvanize a large group. And I think the misstep there, when I take a look back, I was just trying to reflect over the weekend, is that everyone was super hyped in January.  Everyone was like, yeah, this is it. This is ready to go. There are too many people. There was a diffusion of accountability, and I think that set a tone for us.  And so people have come in and out, and I think there is an opportunity here to reset as Alex comes in.  And what I would suggest or recommend is a little performative, and Alex, I don't know how you think about this, but I think that the potential narrative, and I would love to get feedback, because I think we need to manufacture this, is one approach would be, for example, Alex comes in as the hammer, like goes in and says, like, this time things are different.  You don't deliver, you're out. you know, kind of like really bringing in accountability, because that is one thing that.  So, We really lack. And how do we fix that? So the hammer is kind of the off the top of my head approach.  I think there's a more sophisticated approach because I don't want to be an, I don't want you, Alex, to be set up as the  here.  I mean, that's not the goal. That's not the intention. But I think we need to really focus in on how do we create accountability and consequences.  And I think early on, there are a lot of people that delivered and the things that we delivered were kind of deprecated because of MCP A to A and a lot of things have matured so rapidly.  So those that have delivered see some of their work not come to fruition. And as a builder, I understand how frustrating that is.  And then there are other So I think organizationally, fundamentally, that is the hardest problem that we need to solve outside of the kind of busy work and the task when it comes to the slide deck and all these things.  So I want to just address that head on because that's what I was just reflecting on over the weekend.  And Coach Jay, when you're talking about like lit and intuition not responding, to me, I was just like, to be honest, I mean, I'm always honest, but just to be ruthless about it, I expected that.  And that's not a culture that we want to cultivate. So I want to see how we can address that.  It's a little amorphous. But I think there's an opportunity because Alex now is quote unquote fresh blood coming in.  What can we do to kind of shake things up a little bit so that people feel that accountability and the consequence, but also it's not just about the stick, it's about that carrot, about that incentive and then balancing out the carrot and the stick correctly here and the way that we do it in every organization.  It's different. We'll be unique.

7:35 - Alex Sotiropoulos
  Yeah, absolutely. I can, I can be assertive for sure. I, I will just ask from you guys that I, I get a little con.  So is this with respect to like community devs or also a partner?

7:50 - James Young (Collabü§ùLand)
  Let's focus just on partners right now, because that is the strongest tie or the strongest relationship we have. If we can't do it with partners.

7:59 - Alex Sotiropoulos
  We can't.

8:00 - James Young (Collabü§ùLand)
  And do it with the kind of extended parasocial relationships that we have with the community devs.

8:08 - Alex Sotiropoulos
  Yeah, I mean, I think going off your point, like now that, you know, I'm here leading the charge, it'll be easier to kind of stay on top of these other variables and make sure that things get done.  So, yeah, but I think, so what was going on with Intuition and Lit? It's just, you know, I showed you the multi, or kind of like AI agent alliance thing.

8:43 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  And yeah, they just, they haven't been, they agreed to kind of be part of it and they haven't been following up on anything.  And to James's point, like, yeah, obviously.

8:55 - Alex Sotiropoulos
  So I'm just, I'm going to keep following up.

8:57 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  I, maybe there's a kind of a reset talk that we need to have. We're not some ragtag team of 20, there's like three of us working on this now, and we have a very clear plan, and it's going to be going down over the next three to four months, so like, do you want to be part of this or not kind of thing, and we'd love for you to be, and like, so it's not just assertive, but it's assertive and collaborative, because like, do you want to be part of this, we would really love for you to still be part of this, you know, so I think that's what it is, so yeah, maybe it's just some calls, maybe Alex, I'll just, I'll grab your calendar, and then what we'll do is we'll, we'll book calls with like Eli, Eli's going to be a great week to talk to Eli, he's David's right hand person on Lit, maybe grab him this week, because, you know, David's at Korea Blockchain Week, so we'll like grab 30 minutes with him, and same with the intuition team, Billy's also in Korea, so maybe this is a really good week to just quickly have like a grounding conversation with their team, we only need one person from their team to like be our driver, friends  And just make sure that from the marketing side, at least, things are done, if not from the product side when we need their help on that front as well.

10:09 - James Young (Collabü§ùLand)
  Yeah, I think that Eli is the best point of contact for Lit. He's the chief of staff there. I think that on intuition, it'll be this guy MKUltra.  It's not going to be Alex. Alex is more the PM there.

10:25 - Alex Sotiropoulos
  Oh, MKMultra, he's probably KBW. Oh, okay, yeah.

10:30 - James Young (Collabü§ùLand)
  Actually, you're right. He probably is there. Then maybe, yeah, so maybe it is, for now, talking with Alex Alessandro Voto, but then really teeing it up so that we can get MKUltra, because I think he's going to be the equivalent of Eli for us, for the goals that we want to do.  But, I mean, to be frank, it also has to do with Gaia. Like, they have not... move forward with this list of nodes.

11:03 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  It's been a month. And it's funny because Matt's like one of the main drivers behind this, but I wouldn't worry too much about Gaia because now I work at Gaia.  Yeah. And I'm like, I can do what I want. did you, I don't know if you saw this. No, what?  Let me just share my screen real quick. But like, I didn't have to ask for this to happen because like, I can kind of do it myself, but like they have it on their website now.  Oh, awesome. So, so this kind of stuff, like I can make this  happen now. And now I know Harish, like I just sent, I said, I talked to Harish very regularly.  So I'm like, Harish, this is what we need. Um, so you're on the inside, you're an inside guy. I'm the inside guy.

11:44 - Alex Sotiropoulos
  So Gaia, don't worry about Gaia. We're, we're good with Gaia. Uh, you know, I'm going to make it happen.

11:50 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  Matt's a yes to it all. He just is not strong in the followup because he has too many other things going on right now.  Yeah. So, um, yeah, that's why intuition and the big, the big question. Yeah. Yeah.

12:00 - James Young (Collabü§ùLand)
  But I think the main point here, and I'm glad that now you're on the inside, but initially it's taken like months, right?  Where, what's his name? Toby is not even on this call. It also has to do with like Ember. Ember is not on this call.  They're like started, you know, so it's kind of like we need to, we need to be able to have team members that are dependable and else we can't go anywhere.

12:26 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  That's true. Right?

12:28 - James Young (Collabü§ùLand)
  Because then it's just all smoke and mirrors and just all talk. Agreed. And so I want to take this meeting as kind of like a reset so that we're not making the same errors because it just, it's a waste of time.
  ACTION ITEM: Book reset calls w/ Eli (Lit) & Alessandro (Intuition). Agenda: reestablish partnership, introduce quiz agent
 - WATCH: https://fathom.video/share/by6_uwX2zRbhPMS85edapB1jWcxAu95z?timestamp=764.9999

12:44 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  Agreed. Agreed. Okay. So my takeaway from that is let's, let's reestablish, let's restart. And let's do that. That's a good takeaway, Alex.  What I'm going to do is you're going to send me your calendar and I'm going to book probably only like two calls.  It's really. Just intuition with Alessandro and one with Lit with Eli. Those are like the two main ones we wanna hook in.  I can also host a call with Dawn, but Nevermind has been like pretty cooperative. Billions, even Evan has been like retweeting our stuff and she's so good.  She knows how to play the game.

13:17 - James Young (Collabü§ùLand)
  So let's focus on intuition and Lit and then warm up Billions. yeah, Ravi already sent me his calendar, so he's ready to meet.

13:28 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  So Alex and I will meet with him anyway on the technical side of things to get them sorted. Anyway, I don't wanna monopolize.  Do we wanna like come up with a quick agenda so we're not bouncing around too much? let's do it.  So Alex, what did you wanna cover today? I mean, really just slide updates.

13:48 - Alex Sotiropoulos
  I didn't really have much. Slide updates, let's talk about Gaia node.

13:53 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  Let's talk about marketing plan. And then at the end, let's talk about reset conversations. All So for the

14:01 - Alex Sotiropoulos
  I don't think we'll need to talk about that.

14:02 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  then Ravi slash Billions, because that's a specific item. I'm also meeting with Sumit tomorrow from Chaos perfect.

14:11 - Alex Sotiropoulos
  Great. That's super amazing. It'd be good to maybe at the end, we could also talk about like contacts around there, like goals that I should be trying to get done with that meeting.  Chaos Chain slash Sumit. That's great.

14:23 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  Let's talk about that as well. Okay, let's go in order here, just so we don't miss anything. Quick slide updates, Alex?

14:30 - Alex Sotiropoulos
  Or do you want to lead the meeting, Alex? I don't mind.

14:32 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  I'm just like a, I just hop into coach facilitator mode, but you can definitely lead if you'd like.

14:39 - Alex Sotiropoulos
  You're good to lead from now. You have the notes up there. I mean, real quick, I'll just show the slides that I have so far.  So this is the like network diagram that I was working on. And I met with James last end of last week to kind of clarify some things here.  And I think. think. I think this is looking pretty good. Obviously, you know, if you guys take a look at this and you notice anything, any tweaks that are needed, like, please let me know.  Even if it's like stylistic or something small, I'd be happy to change. And I don't know why this slide is before, but yeah, pretty much after this slide, the path I'm thinking of going is I was actually meaning to ask you, James, what do you think of, is it important to get some network economics?  Like, how are we creating value within the network, maintaining value, and so on? Because I think that could be a natural progression after going over the architecture, like talking about how value is maintained and created.  Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.

15:58 - James Young (Collabü§ùLand)
  So there is a Gaia white paper that That talks about the mechanism design, and Matt really wanted to get a group called Architects involved, and this is where I think we need to consolidate the decision-making and move forward, because Architects has a high-level plan, but then there was some payment issue between Gaia or Mother and Architects that they didn't want to disclose more information.  Yeah, I don't know where that is, because early on, I decided not to participate in the mechanism design, the value accrual of the token, too much.  I was just there to technically validate if it was possible. Now, this is where I think Matt has an opinion of the mechanism design, but he's so busy with other things that he wanted to loop in  Architects, but that has stalled. so these are the kind of like things that fall through the cracks. But I think, Alex, what you're saying totally makes sense as an investor.  You know, I see what we're building, why we're building it. And now I need to know what's the ROI.  Yeah. Yeah.

17:21 - Alex Sotiropoulos
  Yeah. So this is this is a point of contention or unknown.

17:27 - James Young (Collabü§ùLand)
  And we can't just say, oh, let's just, you know, rely on architects or, you know, we need someone or somebody to do it just to give you a little bit of history.  There was a guy named Manu who joined in early on and he created this whole mechanism design. It was very complicated and he spent weeks on it and we were going to go with it.  And then at the last minute it got pulled. And so this is one of the cases where Manu did a lot of work.  And then he felt a little like, but hurt. And so we really need to be crisp and I do think when it comes to the mechanism design, we need to make sure that everyone is aligned.  Like Matt needs to be fully aligned on the mechanism design. We can't just riff on it. And so this is super important.  And I would say that we can position this where the slide deck is Is already, let's say, and we're just missing this.  So Matt becomes the like key bottleneck here, just to force a decision or force some something there to, to make sure that he buys off or signs off on it.  And if he says, Oh, we're not going with architects, you guys do it. Then I'm like, okay, then, then let's have that conversation.  Yeah. But we need that kind of, um, chain of command, uh, clearance first, at least that's. In my opinion, what do you think, Coach J?

19:03 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  Yeah, I mean, listen, I love Matt, and I work with him on a regular basis now, and it's a pleasure.  And he's the bottleneck right now. I just don't think we can count on him. I think we should be making decisions and then informing him after the decision is made so that we can keep moving forward.  we did that with Manu.

19:21 - James Young (Collabü§ùLand)
  Yeah. Oh, we did that with Manu?

19:23 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  We did that with Manu. He was pretty upset, eh? And so he's like, oh, Manu spent all this time.

19:31 - James Young (Collabü§ùLand)
  Manu is saying he deserves a certain token allocation for the work that he did. Well, Matt's getting a token allocation, and so is Gaia.

19:42 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  Say again? They're definitely getting a token allocation. Manu, you know, I see what you're saying. The way that I've been doing it at Gaia, listen, like, the realistic, the way that I've been doing it at Gaia is like, I build these go-to-markets, I build these, you know, these decks and these big plans.  And then I book 15 minutes or 30 minutes, and I walk Matt or Shashank, the co-founders, through the deck, and then I collect feedback, and then, like, I move forward, and that's just, like, how it's done.  And I'm usually, like, 80% on point. So that's why I would suggest it that way. If we have enough direction, I think we should just put in some work, get, don't, like, move forward on it, stop at a point.  you could always get in touch with me, like, just the way I did, James, the way that we did it last week, I literally can see Matt's calendar, I can book him, and I can guarantee, like, I can get a meeting, like, the same day with him, if he's free.  But just right now, he is in Korea, and it's going to get harder and harder to get in touch with him as the time goes, because he's going to get more and more dumped with messages on Telegram, right?  And he's going to Singapore? And he's going to Singapore. He might catch up between Korea and Singapore. He might...  I'm emptying his inbox, but it'll be tough. Okay, I hear you. I have a line to him through the chief of staff at Gaia.  Who's that? Her name is Sonia. Sonia, okay. She's in Korea with him, and she's very responsive. So I can get in touch with her and be like, yo, we really need Matt to make a decision on Mother that's blocking the project and it's extremely time sensitive.  Can you grab him for 15 minutes?

21:29 - James Young (Collabü§ùLand)
  Okay, so what I would, just off the top of my head, based off of this feedback then, let's come up with the mechanism designed for the token accrual, value accrual and sustainability.  And let's spend the least amount of time on it. And let's not try to make it right. Let's try to create a straw man.  And that's the way to get Matt's feedback. He's going to go. No, I don't like this. Yes, exactly.

22:02 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  That's what I did with the token. We talked about already the token allocations, James. Yeah. Yeah. I spent an hour, an hour and a half putting together a deck and he just tore it apart and that was fine.  It just, it caused him to actually go in and start thinking about it. So he can give feedback. He just can't generate the initial.  Exactly. He's really, what he wants to do is he wants to make a hundred decisions in a day, but he just needs them to be served in a very effective streamlined way so that he can make a, cause he knows what he wants.
  ACTION ITEM: Create straw man for token mechanism design incl. transaction fees, bootstrapped incentives, token burn/buyback
 - WATCH: https://fathom.video/share/by6_uwX2zRbhPMS85edapB1jWcxAu95z?timestamp=1347.9999  So you just need presents to him. He can make a quick decision and then he can move on.

22:38 - James Young (Collabü§ùLand)
  So Alex, what do you think would be the best, simplest, most direct way to do the token value accrual?  Let, let's have you lead this and then you can talk directly with Matt.

22:51 - Alex Sotiropoulos
  I mean, honestly, I'm, I'm not too familiar with, uh, with how like these, these networks work and, and like common, uh,

23:00 - James Young (Collabü§ùLand)
  Practices in that area, so I'll it down, I'll break it down real quick, just let's move this conversation forward, the way legitimate crypto projects work outside of speculating and hype building for their token is transaction fees, that's how centralized exchanges work, these are how DEXs work, like you make legitimate, the only real known path that everyone gets and accepts is transaction fees, so making a transaction fee model here, where you have mother token, and in order to be able to, um, transact with the system, like you need mother token, and then there's some type of transaction fee, with transaction fees though, the problem with them is that if you only use your token for the transaction fee, when the network does well, you make a lot of money, when the network  your doesn't do well, you spiral down, right? There's like momentum building up and this is where it becomes unsustainable via hype.  And then when things start to slow down, people essentially do what's equivalent to a bank run, right? They lose faith and they lose trust.  So how do you keep this transaction fee kind of sustainable? And so what you do is you have initial incentives when you bootstrap where you get huge discounts for those that are early adopters.  then when you hit some type of TLV, you hit some type of staking, some metric, then those emissions decrease over time.  That provides that kickstart FOMO for early people that want to speculate and believe in the project to then FOMO in because they believe that it's going to grow.  And then when it hits that tranche, that milestone, then those that have come in late to the party, they don't get to...  15 Benefit as much. So that's the general framework. And I would say just bake in some type of incentivized bootstrapped incentive for these transactions fees.  So it could be that like, for example, no transaction fees for the first month, or there might be some type of rebate or some emissions where you get more mother token early on.  There are many ways to kind of slice it. But essentially, it is transaction fees at the heart of it.  Yeah, yeah, that makes sense.

25:38 - Alex Sotiropoulos
  And I mean, I'm assuming too, like, when staked funds get slashed, like, that also comes into play. Maybe you like burn the tokens or reallocate them somehow.  Does that fall into the same? Yeah. So typically, initially, from my understanding,

26:01 - James Young (Collabü§ùLand)
  What people would do is burn the token, right? then people are like, wait, because burning the token is like increasing the value for all the holders that still have the token in terms of the economics.

26:14 - Alex Sotiropoulos
  But then you don't get to recycle that.

26:16 - James Young (Collabü§ùLand)
  And so the industry moved toward, instead of burning those tokens, there are buybacks. So a lot of buybacks are happening.  You see that with Pomp. You see that with Ronin right now. Ronin just announced, I think today or yesterday, that they're doing a huge buyback.  So there's that. What I can recommend if you want to take the kind of initial middle of the road is you burn half and then half of it goes back to the treasury.  That's kind of like splitting it in the middle. And then you figure out in terms of what do the token holders want?  Do they want to increase the burn or do they want to increase the recirculation? So you just kind of have like a, you know, just present it.

26:59 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  Like it's split. 50.

27:01 - James Young (Collabü§ùLand)
  Half burn, half goes back to the treasury. That's an easy way to kind of not have to make and have arguments about, oh, should we buy that or whatever?  You just look at the metrics and see what people demand later on. So you can defer how that evolves.  Okay. Yeah.

27:22 - Alex Sotiropoulos
  So, I mean, these kinds of things too, they're not static, right? Like, I mean, as the system evolves, like these also have to evolve as well.  I'm sure the transaction fees are more, they fluctuate more probably even on a short term basis, right? Just depending on network traffic and things like that.  Right.

27:51 - James Young (Collabü§ùLand)
  Once you start getting transaction fees and you have a token, then this gets people interested in using the token to join the doubt.  Be able to participate in these decisions, this evolution. And this is how it also then remains decentralized because you have token holders beginning to be able to weigh in and discuss this evolution.

28:16 - Alex Sotiropoulos
  So like for a bare bone structure here to put in front of Matt, like what are the key categories that I need to like assemble here?  What do you mean by categories? So like in terms of you had mentioned, I forget the word, but like the economics of the network, like what would be important for investors in terms of how the network is accumulating value?  Like, do we need hard numbers like the transaction fees will range from this percent? give me idea that This percent, and things like that, or?  Yeah, I think it's a couple of iterations.

29:09 - James Young (Collabü§ùLand)
  The first iteration is just to do the design with the numbers as placeholders. And then once people are comfortable with the design, then you can tweak the numbers.  So let's take it step by step.

29:20 - Alex Sotiropoulos
  I think it's based on transaction fees.

29:23 - James Young (Collabü§ùLand)
  So the idea is that the agents that are going to be wanting to be in the registry, have to stake Mother Token, and the revenue that they generate is their own revenue, right?

29:41 - Alex Sotiropoulos
  Yeah. So you're not coupling the revenue that they make with the Mother Token itself. Yeah.

29:47 - James Young (Collabü§ùLand)
  And so that removes a lot of gaming the system. It's really the value that they can create because of the agent is useful.  They make that money. They have to hold. If they misbehave, those tokens get slashed, and then part of that transaction fee that every agent makes, let's say they are getting paid in a stablecoin, part of that goes back to the mother treasury, a small transaction fee percentage.  And then the mother treasury, the DAO, then decides, oh, do we want to buy back some other token to create?  And so you remove, you remove cell pressure by having these agents needing to hold the token. And then you increase the buy pressure by buying back the tokens through the treasury to then redistribute that back out.  I think that probably is the core mechanic there for, I'm just saying, I'm just going off of kind of playbooks of.  DeFi, that are well-worn and true, and let's just start there.

31:08 - Alex Sotiropoulos
  Yeah, mean, that's probably best, right, to go with something that's not broken.

31:14 - James Young (Collabü§ùLand)
  Instead of inventing something fresh, right, let's just take models that we know are sustainable in that work and then just apply them and then we'll refine them.  And this is where Matt's going to have, I think, the ability to jump in and say, oh, but we need this and we need this, rather than having to come up on it on its own.

31:34 - Alex Sotiropoulos
  Okay, cool, cool. I can do, I can try and come up with an initial outline for that. And yeah, I mean, other than that, like we discussed last week, James, the slide will follow.  I'm gonna talk about the partnership with Collabland, Intuition, and Gaia, then transition into the the quiz agent and... And...  And Legion score being looped in there, and I think from there, talking about the go-to-market plan for longer term than just the quiz agent and posts like TGE and everything.  So yeah, Legion is really leaning into their Legion score.

32:21 - James Young (Collabü§ùLand)
  And now what Legion is saying that the projects that launch on Legion will be qualified to be listed on Kraken on token launch, which is huge news.

32:36 - Alex Sotiropoulos
  Yeah.

32:36 - James Young (Collabü§ùLand)
  And tomorrow they're going to announce the first pilot project that is going to be doing this. And I think that if we also adopt the Legion score, this is specific to the Legion slide deck, and we incorporate that, the Legion reputation score, and we post that on intuition.  That actually, I believe, will incentivize because it's aligned with where. So I think that is going to be kind of the secret sauce in a way when it comes to the slide deck and like getting Legion on board with it because it helps amplify their Legion score.  And what we're saying is we just don't want just a presale and we don't want to just get listed on Legion.
  ACTION ITEM: Complete initial draft of slide deck by Fri. Incl. network diagram, partnership details, go-to-market plan
 - WATCH: https://fathom.video/share/by6_uwX2zRbhPMS85edapB1jWcxAu95z?timestamp=2003.9999  What we're going to do is we're going to help amplify Legion at the same time. And hopefully that extra kicker gets us to the top of the stack with Legion.  Okay, yeah.

33:34 - Alex Sotiropoulos
  Yeah, so I don't want to spend too much more time on the slides, but I have like a goal to get these out.  At least an initial copy by maybe Thursday, Friday would be the goal, but not like the completed slides. It's just like the meat of the presentation and then we can add like any kind of transition slides and stuff like that.  So yeah. If.

34:01 - James Young (Collabü§ùLand)
  you want to have a conversation this week, just ping me async about the mechanism design, and let's just throw out a straw man as soon as possible, and then Coach J could follow up with talking to, what's her name, Sonia?

34:17 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  Sonia, yeah. In fact, Alex, if you're already feeling like, say it's Wednesday, and you're like, yeah, I'm on track for Friday, let me know on Wednesday so that I can get in touch with Sonia.  Sonia can find out what Matt's schedule is going to be like on Friday, and we can already book, because the Korea Blockchain Week, the main days are tomorrow and Wednesday.  So by Thursday, Friday, we're already kind of in the aftermath, and it's a great time to grab him. Okay, yeah, sounds good.

34:44 - Alex Sotiropoulos
  And we're also, we have a meeting on Wednesday as well, so we can do like a sync up, Coach J.  Oh, we have a meeting, you and I?

34:54 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  Yeah, yeah. Okay, cool.

34:58 - Alex Sotiropoulos
  Okay.

34:59 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  Oh, James's audit plan. Watch out. Oh, we're losing one. Okay, let's get on to some other items here. The slides is the most important chat anyway, so I'm glad we had it.  Nodes, Harish just posted nodes in the chat in Slack. Okay.

35:15 - Alex Sotiropoulos
  So he posted the JSONs of the nodes.

35:17 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  Okay. Feel free to ping him if you need something else. He's in India, so it's around midnight right now, so he may not get back to you today.  He usually works pretty late, like that's why he sent them an hour ago. But I bet he, tomorrow morning will be easier to get to him.  Okay, let's go over marketing plan. So basic, let me just pull this up real quick here. Just give me one second.  Okay. Okay. So basically the marketing plan is, called the mother registry. So we're building the registry layer of the internet renaissance.  And the whole idea behind that, the strategic context behind this is we're supporting RTGE, we're establishing Mother as registry infrastructure leaders within this AI sovereignty and internet renaissance movement.  I'll explain internet renaissance in a minute. And basically, the idea behind this is like, the internet renaissance represents a shift towards sovereign decentralized intelligence where humans reclaim control over AI systems, which are already kind of like they already tech systems already have control now AI systems are taking control.  And Gaia also is leading an industry-wide campaign to establish internet renaissance as the defining narrative for this movement, positioning it as a cultural and technological awakening, comparable to the historical renaissance.  So this is important because Gaia is already planning to do this renaissance thing. thisÈô£program, And then Matt has been sensing this in the zeitgeist, he's been talking to me about Renaissance since July, and we keep seeing Avalanche do a little something about it, know, Kevin Iwaki was playing with something about it earlier this year as well, no one's really, like, set into it and owned it as a brand campaign, and Gaia is planning to launch a brand campaign ahead of DevCon, which is in November, so that's only a couple months away, and it's so perfect because our narrative perfectly aligns with that.  And I can show you here just like a little bit, this is a video that I got created for KBW, we already started looping in some of the creative, but basically the idea is like you have these like Renaissance type paintings, but it's kind of glitched, it's kind of moving, it feels futuristic almost at the same time, like something's off.  So that's kind of like the vibe that we're going to go with, and the other advantage of this kind of like situation is that I have designs already made for these.  So when when The that we've been lacking on the mother front is we just don't have designers. We don't have any designs, period, and what's great is that we get to tap into pre-existing artwork and illustrations that are being made for Gaia that can be repurposed for mother as well, which is a huge one because I think the visuals play into a lot of this as well.  When we're sending stuff out on X, which is our main channel, if it's just text, people will glaze by it, but if people are seeing visuals, I think it'll have them stop and read for a second.  So I think that that's a great thing there too, and be given our close alignment with Gaia because I work there.  This campaign leverages their framework to position mother as an essential registry infrastructure that makes AI sovereignty technically possible. We're the coordination layer that enables discovery, verification, and collaboration between sovereign AI agents.  So basically our positioning is we're the registry infrastructure for AI sovereignty, and this is our contribution to the movement.  We're not leading the movement. We're not leading You know, we aren't like, we aren't the movement itself, we're contributing to it.  It's something that's much bigger than us and where this is our, how we contribute is the registry infrastructure. Cool.  So that's kind of like the positioning overall. So we're really leading the belief in AI sovereignty, not necessarily technical superiority, although we are technically superior.  And we're just, we're just really positioning ourselves to share this movement with lit, with intuition, with Gaia. And that's kind of like the gist of how this kind of thing is.  And EIP, and you know, this, I caught this from James as a quote, like, while EIP 8004 was being developed, not we were already doing it, but we were building similar solutions independently.  And now we can integrate and contribute. So again, it's not rival risk, it's not competitive, we're not showing off.  We're like, great, let's do it together. Everyone's seeing on the same page now. This is so exciting. Let's do it.  So, and then the community activation here is join the Renaissance Builder. We're working on sovereign AI infrastructure, and that's the kind of deal.  So over the next 12 weeks, over the next three months, starting in October, basically, we're going to be starting with our technical authorities.  So we're going to talk to Sumit from Chaos Chain. This is what Sumit, you're talking to Sumit tomorrow. So we're going to have Sumit on to maybe for a couple of live streams, talking about 8004.  Or Francesco will be on talking to Sumit, we'll get James talking to Sumit, we'll get whatever it is, we want to, like, establish ourselves as a key part of the 8004 project, no question.  And Sumit is, as far as I can tell, not that he's like, not that he's like the blocker, like the guard, or like the gatekeeper, he just, but he's leading the charge.  And he wants, we want that when he's thinking about anything 8004, he's like, oh, I wonder what the guys at Mother are doing about this.  So that's kind of like what I want to be establishing this first month.

41:00 - Alex Sotiropoulos
  So we're really.

41:01 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  beginning community building with this technical audience. I'm going to try and find, I don't know how we're going to do it, but having actual build demos as well, I think that'll be harder to find, especially with Francesco traveling a lot, but that's kind of like my goal over the next several weeks.  And then in November, we move into more of this partnership demonstration. So this is where we really start pumping up the Alliance.  We really start cross promoting a lot. And then in December, we're, you know, converging on our community this whole time.  We're driving toward Discord. And this is really where we're like hitting Discord home a lot and getting ready for our TGV.  Yeah.

41:41 - Alex Sotiropoulos
  So that's kind of like the timing.

41:42 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  We're going to be doing all of it all at the same time, regardless, but that's like where my head is in terms of the emphasis.  So really focusing on these live streams and on X as our main channels, and then driving people to Discord as well.  So that's kind of like the deal with this, a lot, a lot of the details. I can share this all with you.  But again, I'm really excited for the visual element here. And then we get to leverage these designers. We have 08 and CoUnity really just driving that community strategy.  I think we were at a false start. I remember when we created seeds in the first place. We're like, well, we have billions.  We have a billion of them. Let's just give a lot away. And I think that was a mistake because we didn't really gamify it.  We didn't really say like seeds are valuable and you don't just give seeds away. We give seeds based on what you do.  And here's what you can do. And here's what you can earn from it. So I'm really hoping that 08 and Tash come back with a solid community strategy that's point-based and is hype driven because that's what's going to make a difference.  OpenLenture just had their TGE. They raised, you know, they have a FDV of 1.2 billion and they barely have a product.  It was all community. It was all hype. And I think we can do the same thing. So just some consideration.  Not that we're going to raise. guys. 1.2 FDV, 1.2 billion. But they paid a lot of money to get that.  So yeah, that's kind of like the gist of what we're going to do. So just so when you see some of this creative coming out, you're not surprised and you're actually really excited to share this.  And we're going to be sharing this a lot with our partners as well. So this is kind of what I'm going to be really focused on.  And again, rallying the troops, rallying intuition and lit, really getting on them, making sure that they're partnering with us, making sure that they're excited to share.  I've already started like every day, I open the tabs of all these projects and all their founders, and I'm just retweeting stuff and I'm engaging with them so that mothers kept mine for them.

43:42 - Alex Sotiropoulos
  Yeah.

43:43 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  So that's it. That's my, that's kind of my, my marketing update, unless anyone has any feedback, questions, concerns, anything like that.

43:48 - James Young (Collabü§ùLand)
  I think that for lit specifically, that we should just have them install the quiz agent as soon as possible.  Yeah, absolutely.

43:56 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  Absolutely. Yeah. So what's the, is that, is Is that something we want to do async? Is this like, do we want me to book a call with Eli, get clear what happened before and like start fresh and then introduce the agent?  Like, what do we want to?

44:11 - James Young (Collabü§ùLand)
  Yeah, let's get, let's get them on board and re-synced with Alex leading that. And then the first order of business from that meeting is just to get the quiz agent installed.
  ACTION ITEM: Assist w/ installing Collabland bot for quiz agent in Lit's Discord once green light given
 - WATCH: https://fathom.video/share/by6_uwX2zRbhPMS85edapB1jWcxAu95z?timestamp=2657.9999

44:22 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  Yeah. Cause I think they're ready to go and Eli's the one leading that as well. So Alex, do you know how to install that?  Or is that James? We just need a Collabland bot in there, right?

44:31 - James Young (Collabü§ùLand)
  Yeah. Yeah. We just need the Collabland bot in there. I can help. We have a support team there. Alex just needs to manage it and then I'll, I'll make sure it happens once we get the green line.
  ACTION ITEM: Book call w/ Ravi (Billions) for Fri/Mon. Discuss integrating Billions reputation into Mother Registry via Intuition
 - WATCH: https://fathom.video/share/by6_uwX2zRbhPMS85edapB1jWcxAu95z?timestamp=2688.9999

44:42 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  Amazing. Sweet. So that's the marketing update and it sounds like a key next step is Eli and Lit. Oh, reset conversation.  So let's do a reset conversation with Alessandro and let's do a reset conversation with Eli. We have clear agendas for it as well.  Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. you.

45:01 - Alex Sotiropoulos
  With Ravi, Ravi gave me his calendar.

45:03 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  He's only available on Friday, I noticed. So it's probably because he's in Korea. So I'm going to try and get a conversation with him for Friday or Monday at the latest kind of thing.  I know, James, you initially wanted to be on that conversation. Do you think it's better if Alex is on that conversation?  Yeah, I think I think we should give the torch to Alex and let him lead.

45:24 - James Young (Collabü§ùLand)
  And what we will do is we so I'll give a quick update. I've done a lot of stuff on intuition.  And I'm at a point now where I can put Billion's reputation on intuition, just like we're trying to propose to put the Legion score on intuition.  And this just increases the surface area for Billions and their identity and reputation system. So that's the pitch and how Mother is going going to help Billions.  We're going to use the Billions reputation system as part of the Mother Registry.

46:09 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  And we just need to get that POC and get that integrated like ASAP.

46:14 - James Young (Collabü§ùLand)
  So billions, we're going to integrate them with the mother.

46:15 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  So this doesn't have anything to do with intuition or it does?

46:19 - James Young (Collabü§ùLand)
  So it has to do with mother, but we're using intuition as a registry. So it's an integration into intuition on the mother registry, which uses it.  Yeah, which uses intuition.

46:30 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  And showing and showing up on the intuition UI. Yeah.

46:38 - James Young (Collabü§ùLand)
  And then this is where like intuition and billions can like help each other out because their their TGEs are just a month apart.

46:48 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  But it's through mother that we're bringing them together. So like the main carrot, as you said earlier, is pretty much kind of promoting their their products.

47:01 - Alex Sotiropoulos
  Um, and, and creating these meaningful alliances with, with ourselves and the intuition, other, other partners. Okay. And then, and then Collabland comes in because Collabland has a distribution that also uses intuition.

47:18 - James Young (Collabü§ùLand)
  Right.

47:20 - Alex Sotiropoulos
  And do, um, we, we haven't like allocated, uh, tokens to anybody, but intuition and. Which tokens? The mother tokens or?  Yeah. Yeah. Mother tokens. No, the allocation of mother tokens have not been set at all. Okay. So. It's still open.  not like an incentive, incentivization mechanism here to. It is. To get people involved. Okay.

47:49 - James Young (Collabü§ùLand)
  It is, but the details of that, uh, allocation have not been discussed yet. This is where we need that straw man for the mechanism design.

47:57 - Alex Sotiropoulos
  Yeah.

47:57 - James Young (Collabü§ùLand)
  Once we have that and the design is set that we can talk about the details and plug in that.
  ACTION ITEM: Contact Sumit (Chaos Chain) to set up livestream discussing EIP 8004 w/ Francesco or James
 - WATCH: https://fathom.video/share/by6_uwX2zRbhPMS85edapB1jWcxAu95z?timestamp=2881.9999  of ceilings. couple of Yeah, yeah.

48:12 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  Okay, and then for your Chaos Chain Sumit conversation, anything we want to give to Alex, I would say for me mostly, just like, get him excited for me to get in touch with him.  Because I'll probably reach out tomorrow or Wednesday at the latest to set up kind of like a live stream with him and get him either talking to Francesco or him talking to James or like, we just want to set up a live stream so he can talk about 8004 to the mother community with some of these folks that I'm sure that Sumit would be thrilled to have a public conversation with.

48:50 - Alex Sotiropoulos
  Okay.

48:51 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  So just get him like, oh, you know, just get him excited that I'm going to be reaching out and that this conversation is going to be awesome.

49:00 - Alex Sotiropoulos
  Awesome. And then otherwise, I think that's it.

49:05 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  I'm going to, Alex, you don't have a note taker on here, so I'll send you the transcripts so you can, I don't know, I'm religious with my transcripts.  I load them all into an AI and chat with them afterwards. So you have that option to do the same as well.  I will definitely be doing that.

49:27 - Alex Sotiropoulos
  And then any, like, should we try partnering with the Chaos Chain or? Sure.

49:36 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  I'm not, I don't know much about Chaos Chain as a project. Okay.

49:40 - Alex Sotiropoulos
  They are fundraising right now.

49:42 - James Young (Collabü§ùLand)
  So any opportunity to show that they are increasing their partnerships or reach will be helpful. Okay.

49:51 - Alex Sotiropoulos
  Yeah, I mean, I haven't looked too in depth at his Twitter or X, but I've seen some, some kind of, you know, eight zero zero four.  Or flavors of creating these agents with wallets attached and things like that. So yeah, I wasn't sure if maybe there was some kind of benefit in all working together.

50:16 - James Young (Collabü§ùLand)
  What Mother will be is a reference implementation of 8004 using the registry, and we can begin discussing what an integration with PayosChain looks like.

50:27 - Alex Sotiropoulos
  OK. Yeah.

50:31 - James Young (Collabü§ùLand)
  And maybe ask him what would be the best integration touchpoint between Chaos and Mother.

50:38 - Alex Sotiropoulos
  Yeah.

50:41 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  I'll add ChaosChain to my list of Twitter channels I'm keeping track of and interacting with, because we want to make sure that Sumit remembers us, and it feels like we're supporting him.

50:57 - Alex Sotiropoulos
  Yeah. Would you say that this is ChaosChain is... Yeah. time stupid. having you

51:01 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  Is to AI sovereignty in any way? Yeah, absolutely. I have 100%.

51:05 - Alex Sotiropoulos
  Why wouldn't we just invite Sumit to be part of the... Yes, absolutely.

51:10 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  Okay, what time is your chat with him tomorrow, Alex?

51:14 - Alex Sotiropoulos
  It is, I believe, at 9 a.m. Yeah, okay. Do you want to just invite me to that chat?

51:22 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  you mind if I come in? Yeah. I'll let you have most of it, but maybe I can have, like, you know, five, ten minutes of it at most.  Okay. And then I can tell, I can talk to Sumit about the AI Sovereignty Alliance and then invite him to get on some more conversations with more public to help him promote Chaos Chain, to talk E8004, all this kind of stuff.  Yeah.

51:44 - Alex Sotiropoulos
  All right, this is great.

51:45 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  This is perfect. This is perfect. All right.

51:48 - Alex Sotiropoulos
  We have a lot of plans.

51:50 - James Young (Collabü§ùLand)
  Let's make sure that people deliver, keep that accountability and responsibility going. We'll have that straw man in terms of the mechanism design.  Okay, all straw man. All And we'll get a rough core, the bones of the slide deck by the end of this week, and we're moving forward with the marketing plan.
  ACTION ITEM: Integrate Gaia nodes onto Intuition by Wed using JSON data from Harish
 - WATCH: https://fathom.video/share/by6_uwX2zRbhPMS85edapB1jWcxAu95z?timestamp=3123.9999  I'm going to see what I can do now that I saw that Slack chat, that Slack message from Harish when it comes to the guy knows.  I'm going to try and get those on to Intuition by Wednesday, and then let's warm up the conversation with Ravi and Billions and see what we can do to push forward with Chaos Chain.  Awesome.

52:40 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  Sweet. Great. Thanks, everyone.

52:44 - James Young (Collabü§ùLand)
  I know that we're a few minutes over here, but I think it was well worth it. Oh, yeah, absolutely.

52:48 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  It was great. Awesome. Happy Monday.

52:52 - Alex Sotiropoulos
  Welcome to Monday. Take it easy. Ciao.
