 00:00 James Young Today when I'm not early. So yeah, a lot of things are happening. It looks like, you know, there are technical things that are happening. There's a Petra update and so we have to adjust to that. And then also the market is moving a little bit and there are some considerations that we're doing at collabone so running a little late, but I also. And maybe we'll wait for a minute for others to join. I don't know if Matt's going to be joining or he's just going to rely on his note taker if Alex is joining. So maybe we'll give it like another minute or two for people to arrive here and I'll hold off on my status update because I have some status updates as well. And what else? 
 00:58 James Young Maybe anything else to discuss that doesn't require or is not complete status that we wanted to. Maybe admin stuff. Anything to discuss. 
 01:11 Natascha Tiotuico Well, we should talk about which meetings we put in the context folder. So I saw that like we can probably remove some of them, but maybe we. I don't know if we can make like a private one where we allow. I don't think we can allow chat TPT to access a non private GitHub. 
 01:39 James Young Right, you can. 
 01:43 Natascha Tiotuico Okay, so that might be another way to go. 
 01:49 James Young Yeah. So for right now what we can do is in the context folder we can say public and private have subfolders and then just for now put stuff that is a totally public in the public folder. Or maybe we have a private repo. Sorry, we have a private repo that's private that will have its own context folder and we put private combos in there. 
 02:12 Natascha Tiotuico Okay, that sounds like a good solution. So we can divide, I can divide that up with Coach J, maybe Async. 
 02:28 James Young Sounds good. Okay, so with that we'll create another private repo for contacts so that conversations that we don't want totally public we can put into the private repo. And then Tash and Coach Jay and Alex, I'll let you guys decide what is public and what is private. I think really it's probably going to be driven by just these side meetings and deciding whether or not that's a private meeting or a public meeting. So everyone can decide on their own actually. And I think Tasha is the one that brought up on Monday kind of not making, you know, things or not leaking private information. I think that's important. And then Matt followed up with that and I think that there's just some conventional rules that need to be sorted out based off of who is participating in those meetings. 
 03:19 James Young So I'll let everyone kind of decide on their own what they feel should be private, what should be public. I think we can, you know, we don't have to like say, oh, I would assume that these meetings would be public. And then any side chats, people can use their own discretion to decide. And then with that, now we're four minutes in and give a status update. I'm still working through the tests. You know, I worked on it module by module or agent by agent. These agents are not full fledged agents like the Orchestrator to the Discord format or the quiz agent, the solidity agent. And these Orchestrator agent, like all of them are considered modules because it's monolith, but they're separated out. And so all the tests individually are passing, but collectively they're failing. 
 04:16 James Young There's a little bit of complexity that I'm working through right now, so that's where I'm at in terms of the unit tests. But once this is all done, we're going to have a really great structure for a framework essentially for this Orchestrator agent. And that's all going to be open source. Other than that, what I would like to do and since we, since Tasha here introduce you to lit protocol, I don't know if you're talking to them already, but they're going to have a tge, so maybe they could be lead gen for CO Unity and just have another group that like we can serve in the pipeline with the smart accounts and what we're doing with tipping and raindrops. 
 05:03 James Young We use lit anyway, so you can tell lit protocol and I've talked to David and Eli about that and actually they know about this because we've been working on this now for almost two and a half years on this tech. So they're well aware of it. And if, you know, they want to introduce it into the lit discord, that's something that I've worked out with them. But Collab land is kind of like managing token gated chat and infrastructure. We don't have a formal group to dedicate to a specific community or a Discord server. And I think this is where we created like we can create a pipeline or val, a var, a value added service. So what I would like to do and what I suggest is that I can do it. An intro to CO Unity. 
 06:00 James Young CO Unity can then figure out the specifics whether it uses the smart accounts or not. But maybe smart accounts could be part of it because it actually showcases lit technology as well to then craft for Their tge. But that's, you know, not what Collab Land does. We're a little bit lower in the stack, but we have seen many patterns over five years. So I can help guide based off of my, you know, secondhand experience dealing with a bunch of communities over the years, but would like CO Unity to kind of spearhead the community management of it. So it's almost like CO Unity is a value added reseller and especially when we have these quizzes, polls and quests and we can reframe what we're doing with the Orchestrator agent as like a lit agent or something like that. 
 07:02 James Young And we or I at Collab Land have really good understanding of what lit is doing. They have a separate product called Vincent that is very easy to integrate with Collab Land as well. So like it's something that I can and try and the reason I'm describing this is just kind of the roles and responsibilities to get the bounds here. So I'm very well informed. It's just that at Collabland I don't want to do then create an extra service, community management service or whatever. I think Co Unity is well positioned as that and then we can with, through MOTHER and CO Unity, decide how to formalize that down the road. But I don't want to put too much up front. Let's just figure this out in kind of real time. So you know that, that's what I'm trying to articulate. 
 08:10 Alex Lumley This is something James, it's actually funny how often so that Tasha and I talk about like in the days leading up you bring up in a different way. And so it kind of does validate a little bit that we are thinking along the same path. There's something that Tasha and I talked about yesterday and a couple of big things are that at the end of the day we're trying to set it up so that Tosh and her team get enough kind of confidence that they can kind of move forward without us over structuring what an agreement could look like. Right. Like it's almost as if, you know, we're not going to say, hey, here's exactly what the ref share would look like, here's how all that would work. Because we don't know. There's too many things we don't know. 
 08:51 Alex Lumley But no, worst case scenario is if we say we go do interviews or we build out this product or whatever happens, this falls through. CO Unity at least still has the ability, it's open source, they've seen this. They can now go and leverage these tools and build them out themselves if they wanted to. There's enough there. But it does make sense within all the roles and responsibilities of. And as Tasha's pointed out, there does need to be this. Especially early on with products. You need almost like a concierge and not a sales engineer, but someone who's supporting and doing everything with it. And that's where Co Unity can come in. 
 09:30 Alex Lumley Likely, if you think about how these products can help different people early on, it might just be that the Orchestrator is just allowing Co Unity to move faster and over time, it's also allowing Co Unity as a service businesses to reach other new customers, but that's also allowing MOTHER to reach other customers that we wouldn't be able to. 
 09:51 James Young So yeah, it's like MOTHER is this. Oh, go ahead. 
 09:57 Natascha Tiotuico Sorry. And, and just to clarify, like it's currently we're not at the stage of the boundaries. It goes into the boundaries when we start like structuring our strategy that we do like with the tools. That's when we get into waters. Oh, we need to define a rev share because the knowledge that we put in there, it is super bespoke and. And took a lot of years to do. So. Single tools, I don't mind. It's more about like the whole Playbook thing, but I think it will take a while until we get there to. To do something like that. 
 10:43 James Young Yeah. 
 10:43 Natascha Tiotuico Okay. 
 10:44 James Young Yeah. The MOTHER is like a consortium of different projects and organizations and we're building in public, but at the same time, as different opportunities emerge, you know, there is a commercial incentive and so can we do this in such a way where we're loosely organized, building in public, but then also being able to do this in a positive some way? So the way I look at it, I don't know if this analogy is one for one or how it holds, but it's almost like I think of Collab Land as kind of the community operating system. So we're Microsoft and then Co Unity is building apps and specific Playbooks. So the operating system has no idea what the apps are doing specifically, but we enable the apps to do their thing. 
 11:48 James Young And so, you know, the app developer may go, hey, this operating system, I wish it had, you know, whatever feature. And then that broadly speaking, not just for one specific community, but broadly speaking, you're like, oh, I've seen this come up two or three times. Then that would help Collab Land as an operating system to add a feature or something like that just Unlocks more opportunity at the application or the co unity level. That's how I see this working together. It's a loose analogy, but it's a division of responsibilities that creates this ecosystem. And that's what we're trying to do. The and I'll just speak for a minute on this. Why? Why I think that this is a good division of labor is what we see within crypto communities or crypto in general is you launch a token and down only. Why? 
 12:47 James Young It's because you don't have coordination on the backside of that. You do with like Bitcoin and it was just kind of like people believed in it and then you do with like Ethereum and things like that. But I think that if we had smaller niche communities to be able to have them have the tooling to be able to do this, it would just help the just crypto ecosystem in general from just getting out of the casino. Like let me buy first and dump on someone else because you're not building anything there. And that's kind of the main through line and the value prop for from a North Star perspective. And that's why I think it's important. 
 13:30 James Young But we're such in a nascent emerging industry that I think that, you know, it's better and beneficial for us to work together in this way than like I don't know, Collab land raising $50 million and trying to own the whole thing. Because the whole point of this is it being decentralized. And so just like with Bitcoin and Ethereum and the core dev, it's all decentralized in the same way. We are organizing our different projects in a decentralized manner. And who knows what we're going to learn from this. Like using AI's command to help organize and give us purview on the marketing, the code, the comms, the strategy side. And I think that there are optimizations here that collectively we are in a really interesting position. That is rare that we didn't know or anticipate this when we started MOTHER back in December. 
 14:38 James Young But here we are and let's take advantage of it. 
 14:44 Alex Lumley Makes sense. Three, three quick things that I'll bring up more for the AI to consider and because they're not immediate, but they are considerations. One is that like I spoke to you, I don't think you've met Lino James, but I spoke to Lino about this. Cause he's been working like doing stuff with this like with the government of Bulgaria and like Oxford and a bunch of Other such like that. One of the biggest things he talked about was that in his learnings of this, you need to find a way to financially align people. And I think that's one of the things that we'll have to figure out is how do we actually financially align. And that's where token sharing or something like that makes sense, as well as rev sharing and aligning those incentives. 
 15:27 Alex Lumley Well, and that takes time and effort, but it's also how do we do that in a way that we can loosely get enough and then continue to improve on it as we go along we get more information. So not a right now problem. 
 15:39 James Young Just real quick, go ahead. Yeah, real quick. I'll respond to that. You know, Warren Buffett says follow if you know the incentives, you'll know the outcome. 
 15:50 Alex Lumley Yeah. 
 15:51 James Young So this financial alignment, I want to make sure that our incentives are always aligned. That's why I go back to this kind of vision value North Star, because as it's shaping, if our incentives are aligned correctly and there's mutual value across the whole stack or the, the supply chain or VAR reselling all of that stuff, then we know that we're going to achieve this outcome. And so I agree with you. And there are things that are going to emerge that are in the context of where the market is currently. And that's why you can plan a product and have it all like be great, but there can be zero PMF because you're not meeting the market where it's at. And that's what we're doing kind of as we're building this is trying to fit into the market and align with it. 
 16:48 James Young So you know, trying to have PMF is like, you know, running a marathon during a her. During an earthquake because things will come up that you don't anticipate and you have to maneuver so you know where that finish line is. But you don't know what roadblocks or what things that the market's going to throw at you as you move on. And this is why we're building together. And the best way to do this and this is what emerges from other is that just doing this in the open and so that we can take in new people, new opportunities as well. 
 17:23 Alex Lumley Yeah, I was just making a note about, you've mentioned this before, but it's just a realization of that again of like working towards like North Star is usually like a very lofty thing and working towards a more concrete like first milestone makes it easier. And I think that's where the TG part of it comes into play. Gaia's, tge litz, tge, any other kind of companies that we're working with that also support Co Unity, which we can get to. The second thing I'll bring up is that I think some of this is we'll just have to get some alignment and agreement between like having a call where we talk with David and yourself and Nick or Dan and anything like that, make sure we're like have something right now and just make sure we're all in agreement on that. Makes sense. 
 18:14 Alex Lumley And the third thing I'll just say is there's a big thing is that it's all around driving towards the community. And it almost feels to me like if Collab Land is creating this project and MOTHER is. MOTHER is enabling AI to drive community growth and lit to get more. More like lit wants more agents that are leveraging lit because that's how they make money. Gaia wants more nodes, Collab Land wants more distribution of the revenue share and Co Unity wants to be able to service more clients more rapidly or overall. And I think that's the kind of thing that we just need to define a little bit and have it written out, which I guess we'll figure out how to write it out with the AI. 
 19:00 James Young Yeah, yeah. It's interesting because my view on tges, all tges are pure marketing, right? Because you tges are what gives attention, just like we are. And this is where the analogy between AI and crypto come into play. Attention is all you need and. But then it's like, oh, if you don't do the refinement learning, then then token holders hallucinate just like pre trading models hallucinate because they're not aligned. So you need attention. The TGE is attention once you have the token and price action is what people in crypto pay attention to. Once you got their attention, now what you have to get them the context. This is why Community is important. From the context you have, then you can align them. This is why you have things, modules or agents like polls, quizzes and quests to align that community. 
 20:02 James Young Once that community is aligned, then you can coordinate them. That's where the power really comes into play. That's how I think about it when I look at the intersection of AI and crypto. 
 20:15 Alex Lumley I like that and I don't know if you're going to say something, but my takeaway from this is that we will probably need to do. James, I really liked how you were approaching it with some of the roles and responsibilities and definition and I think as we're doing a little bit of this business model work, like this business model work and some interviewing and talking to customers, there will be this other kind of rules of engagement or like strategy. What are the rules of the game that we're playing that will, it won't be done all at once but it just needs to be a separate work stream of like making sure we're all aligned because that's where things can start to get off the rails and making sure there's no friction there. 
 20:56 James Young Yeah, yeah. That's why these daily check ins help because we're getting, it's really for, it's an exercise for us to make sure that we have that shared context so that we can coordinate and then kind of divide and conquer. That's what I saw was kind of the misstep initially with mother. We had a bunch of people coming in with divergent, slightly different context. 
 21:21 Alex Lumley Yeah. In documenting what are our constraints and saying hey, for example, we're only focusing on communities or we're only focusing on we're going after community matters, whatever that is. And that'll be just some of the documentation that we fed up and that's also the constraints you need to give the AI anyways. Cool, that makes sense. And James, I appreciate you taking that on in the meantime like of having that communication between everyone in last thing I'll just say is that in Jobs language we call this overlapping definitions of progress. What it basically means is like what is the situation in progress of David, of yourself, of Matt, of probably Dan, because each one of them are representations of what does co unity want, what is Gaia want, what is Collab land want, etc. 
 22:12 Alex Lumley And if we can understand what each person actually wants and they're all aligned, then we can actually go further together. But it comes back to can you define the situation, can you define the progress? Do they actually overlap? And at any point so they don't overlap, at least we know they're no longer overlapping. 
 22:31 James Young Yeah, yeah, that's interesting. I would say the overlap is everyone wants a successful TGE for now and then it changes. And I think that overlap in terms of a successful tge really what we want to do overall when it comes to mother's perspective is showing how we're adding value to these specific points in time. And so like if MOTHER and the agents can help with the LIT TGE with the GAIA tge, even with the MOTHER tge, then those are three examples and we learn from each One of those. I don't know if that means we are just like focusing on TGEs or not, but that is kind of the overlap because everyone's incentivized for, you know, very specific acute events, which are these TGE events. 
 23:32 Alex Lumley I think that's a good enough proxy to get started and we'll make it more specific as we go on, but it's a great proxy. Do you know the dates of like, when lit and Gaia are going towards a tge? 
 23:42 James Young I don't know. I don't even know if they know. And if they do know, I don't think it is something that. And this is where the boundaries are that they will publicly or at least with us say yet. So this is where the sensitive information is because it involves being able to accumulate like all that kind of stuff. And so like it gets a little bit sensitive. So I've not been told the specific dates. 
 24:10 Alex Lumley Cool. And then. Cool, that makes sense. And then for tomorrow, I guess just to wrap this up for tomorrow for the. What we shipped. James, I think it would make sense to have as much as you can share your screen and hey, here's what I built out and just do a walkthrough, even a code walkthrough, even if for no other reason. It's also helpful for the AI, for the context and everything. I think just kind of stepping people through what you've done will be very helpful to allow people and then let them know kind of what's coming. I think that would be the biggest thing. Tash, is there anything specific that you want to show off or that you want to talk about? Is it just the context pipeline? 
 24:58 Natascha Tiotuico I think that the context pipeline doesn't really. Like. I don't know what exactly to show I. But like, for tomorrow, maybe we can teaser that next week we will be integrating that to mother. Like the. The features, like the. Not the tte, but like the training, like testing the features or something. Because that's what I wanted to add before. Like, we shouldn't forget, like, PGE is just a big event where people are more willing to. To pay for these tools, but the tools still stay the same. And the. The goal in the community to keep that attention is. Is really like not independent from tg. It's just most aware, like when people go to fairs, they rather spend like money on candy canes, on cotton candy than in a grocery store. So yes, that we don't forget that. 
 26:13 Alex Lumley Yeah, that's something that Tasha and I talked about yesterday. James, was that part of the Reason why we need to go and do these interviews is because at least I don't understand the language fully that some of these communities are using. For some of them it might end up meaning that TGE is equivalent to a big release, like for games, and that it's all just. We end up needing something to upscale us when there is a huge amount of pressure on the system, whether it's a tge, whether it's a huge release, whether we're just going to get more new attention or something. They do act different, but that's. But the real question is when do people need to buy new agents or new tools or new AI or whatever. That's kind of the concept, the thinking behind it. Yeah. 
 27:03 James Young The way I would think about it when you're talking about like a game release, right, the Games industry, like GTA 6, it's been delayed because they think it's this huge release. But the games industry, because I have a background in games, you have a network of game devs and studios. What they do is they release the minimum viable game and they have. And they make money off of DLCs, which is patches to the game, because they see, because they don't know how the game's going to do, they get a lot of hype. And so the game. And this is how the game studios make money. Not on the release, but on the DLC packs later on, the mods that happen after. And these are the increasing number of agents based off of that community and how it can go. 
 27:55 James Young So you know, we'll have our like core package, right? Your, your TGE package. But then as your community forms, this is why like TGE events are like huge events, multi million dollar events and then they go down. The games industry goes, okay, let's not spend a lot of money at the very beginning, let's test it. And if it, if there's something there, then they do DLCs afterwards. So it's almost like these games are now like MVPs essentially. And that's what a TGE is, an MVP. And meme coins are the most basic form of an mvp. It's just like a marketing event, but there's nothing after it. That's what we're building here is we're building this like sustainability. And I think that's how we change from an ecosystem, crypto wise from just a casino into like. These are on chain startups. 
 28:55 Alex Lumley Yeah, I'll just note that. I wouldn't say that there's nothing afterwards. It's more that there's misaligned expectations. When I buy something, I get disappointment. If what I expected when I put the money down isn't what was delivered upon the actual initial usage of it, Right. That's when there's misaligned applications, that's when. 
 29:18 James Young I get disappointment, it goes down. And the thing about it is that you're like, oh, this KOL is shilling this token. And you don't know behind the scenes whether that KOL has like a thousand wallets that is just pumping the price and it's going to run. But before tge, if you see the community, the involvement, people doing quizzes and all of this stuff, you can go into a discord and you can see, okay, before tge, how strong is that community? Right? And then when the TGE event happens, you can have more signal. It's harder to fake. So that. That's kind of what we're also trying to do. I agree with you. 
 29:58 James Young It's like, how can we, as we're building this out, provide better signal even before a TGE event happens so that you know that once the TGE event happens, people have that shared context and are already in alignment. That gives you more signal to go, okay, I should buy that token. Even though you're not participating in that community. 
 30:19 Alex Lumley Yep, that makes sense. Cool. Well, so I guess for tomorrow, it sounds like we know what to ship, James, on the interviews and some of the business modeling stuff. Tasha and I have been working on it in the background, but once we get the boundary set up, then we'll be able to push further on that. And also once I set up two things personally, which is fix all my taxes. And then secondly, this is actually more of an AI thing, but I have, I can get paid to act as an arbitrary delegate and I haven't been doing it. And so now I'm setting up a process to actually pull out all the. Pull out all of the, like, proposals, create my recommendation and responses to it. And so I'll. 
 31:07 Alex Lumley I was actually going to ask you, James, like, have you come across anything that does that pretty well, like delegate responses to proposals or anything and any like, tools you've already seen that do that. Well, otherwise I'm just going to kind of. 
 31:19 James Young Yeah. 
 31:20 Alex Lumley Myself. 
 31:21 James Young Yeah. Yeah. The thing is that what I've done is I use the different frontier models like ChatGPT, Claude and Grok. Actually Grok is like the sleeper, I think, because it reads and is actively being reinforcement trained based off of people's tweets or posts and the Relics and the retweets, it's huge signaling. And if you interact with them and you turn memory on, then the model shapes to you and it shapes to the outside signal when it scrapes and it learns. And so it's a really interesting way of being able to have your own personalized agent because it's trained on you, but also get information from outside. So one example, I went through Grok, OpenAI and Claude and I used Anon account on Grok. 
 32:26 James Young I used Incognito mode on Chat GPT and on Claude and I said, what is the best token gating tool in Web3? All of them say Collab Land. And it's a different response though in Anon mode than it is when I go with memory on. So it's really interesting. So I think what you want to do is start training these AIs to know your tastes and likes and then you just point it to these proposals and then it can almost act as a proxy for you. But it takes that time and energy to train it. 
 33:12 Alex Lumley Yeah, what I think this one's actually probably a little bit different in that I will probably have to connect to the Discourse API to be able to pull out all the comments, like the actual proposal, all the comments. And then I'll probably have to have a separate, like, who is Alex? What does Alex care about? And then have a few almost like templates of like, here's the way that you typically respond given these types of things. 
 33:35 James Young You don't, you don't need an API because Claude has computer use and ChatGPT has operator. So it's actually, it's going to control your computer. So you don't need to code anything. You, you just say, go to this as me and you're already logged into these systems. 
 33:54 Alex Lumley Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. That's true. Good point. 
 33:58 James Young Yeah. You don't have to build anything like the. Let. Let it automate you. 
 34:02 Alex Lumley Well, this is, this will be my, this will be my experiment. So if, if something ends up coming out of this, we could also use it for Collab land to act as a delegate on your behalf. 
 34:15 James Young Yeah. 
 34:15 Alex Lumley Cool. All right. Anything, Anything else from your guys end. 
 34:20 Natascha Tiotuico Who will be hosting tomorrow's what we ship. Can you host that, Alex? 
 34:26 Alex Lumley Yeah. Do you guys want to move it to Google Meets again? 
 34:32 James Young Yeah, I'm happy to because I like the emoji replies. Yeah, you don't have that. It seems kind of dead. 
 34:41 Alex Lumley It's so true. We do something else in arbitrum with huddle, which is something that the together crew, like, our endowed group made. And it doesn't have an emojis, and it just kind of kills it. James, do you own the. What we shipped or do I. 
 34:56 James Young I think Coach J owns it. 
 34:59 Natascha Tiotuico Yeah, I have the. He gave me the credentials last time so I could send them to you. Or do we. 
 35:09 Alex Lumley I'm just talking purely about the calendar invite. 
 35:11 Natascha Tiotuico Oh, the calendar invite. No, I don't know. 
 35:14 Alex Lumley I think it might have been canceled. I don't. I don't have it on my calendar. 
 35:18 Natascha Tiotuico Oh, yeah, it is canceled. 
 35:20 James Young Yeah, it's canceled for me, too. It's not on my calendar. 
 35:25 Alex Lumley So. 
 35:25 James Young Who. 
 35:25 Alex Lumley You. 
 35:26 James Young I mean, Alex, if you want to, like, start it up again. 
 35:29 Alex Lumley Yeah, why don't you. James, set the. The invite. I'll let you own it, and then I'll invite whoever we need. 
 35:37 James Young You know, I'm looking at. It's been, like, completely deleted from my calendar. I don't know who to even invite. 
 35:43 Alex Lumley Yeah, that's okay. I'll take care of the invites, James. Just. I'll let you own it. So just set it up, like, send the initial one and then invite me. 
 35:52 James Young What time was it at? It was at noon. 
 35:55 Alex Lumley It was at. Yes. So it was right before the stand up. 
 35:59 James Young Okay, so I'm going to do this right now. So you should have an invite. 
 36:13 Alex Lumley I don't see it yet, but. Okay, I got it. 
 36:19 James Young And if you want to make it reoccurring and then invite everyone and all of that. 
 36:23 Alex Lumley Can you. Can you allow. I don't think you've allowed other, like Alex to change it or guests to change it or something. 
 36:33 James Young Oh, cannot suggest at times add notes, add guests. I don't know where that is. 
 36:48 Alex Lumley I think there's a Down at the bottom, there should be something that says, like, allow guests to modify or something. 
 36:56 Natascha Tiotuico Guest permission. It's, like, under there. 
 36:58 James Young Yeah, got it. Can you do it now? 
 37:02 Alex Lumley Let me double check. Yes. Awesome. All right, Josh, I'll invite you, and I'll invite a few other people, and then we'll go from there. Israelite. I'll make sure to invite you. All right, guys, Sounds good. I'll talk to you later. 
 37:27 Natascha Tiotuico Cool. 
 37:27 James Young Awesome. Thanks, everyone. 
 37:29 Natascha Tiotuico Thank you. Bye. Bye. 
