Mother Status - November 12
VIEW RECORDING - 17 mins (No highlights): https://fathom.video/share/U_NwkM-yyBvJyuotowMYN-yTfz2YjZTz

---

0:00 - Alex Sotiropoulos
  The reputation side of things, so...

0:03 - James Young (Collabü§ùLand)
  But that's going to, I think, the aggregation of reputation, and I would love to get feedback on what I put in terms of the blurb in the white paper channel to see if people will buy off on that, because then the registry becomes all about reputation.  You see how there's, like, a shift?

0:24 - Alex Sotiropoulos
  Yeah.

0:24 - James Young (Collabü§ùLand)
  Because we were so focused on infrastructure going into, like, ETH Denver and up through, I think, really, when 8.004, the final draft, kind of landed.  And we're doing the intuition stuff and everything, conforming to the 8.004 spec, but 8.004 is launching in December. And this may be a way to write off the coattails of that, well, from a GTM perspective.  That means we need to get out to market as quickly as possible. And maybe even in, you know, there was this debate before...  We about a fair launch, and then it turned into, like, oh, let's get listed, and now going back to index listing only, and so I don't know if we want the GTM strategy to shape what kind of investors that we get, you know what mean?  This is how it's all kind of intertwined. Yeah, yeah.

1:28 - Alex Sotiropoulos
  I mean, that's a good point. I think the thing is, is expectations right now are that we drive forward and try to get in front of investors before the end of this month.  Yeah.

1:46 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  Even without traction, because I feel like that's where we always, like, actually, I don't know. My big, like, the thing that took the wind out of my sails was when in March we applied for a grant from...  And it was shocking because they funded 200 projects with, like, they had a million dollar pool, and we weren't even in the top 200, and we knew them.  Right. So, like, I don't know if it was the positioning, because we were positioning ourselves as a registry, or because we had zero traction.  Maybe we were too early. Yeah. Yeah. And I know that's the one piece that's missing in our pitch deck as well, is the traction piece, right?  That is the part that's missing, yeah.

2:32 - Alex Sotiropoulos
  And, I mean, I think for now the plan is we try and incorporate some traction metrics on the chaos side chain as well.

2:47 - James Young (Collabü§ùLand)
  Well, this is where I think, going back, and I reference, if you look at the white paper chat, the guardian angels technique is what I'm coining what Coach J had mentioned, right?  Which is a very. very softer way of saying, you know, watch trading agent, essentially. So this is what I'm thinking.  We have the quiz agent in the Mother, Gaia, Intuition, and Collabeland Discord. And we start using the registry. We have everything in Intuition.  We just need to register a verification agent, and then as soon as Chaos Chain comes online, we will start posting and just encouraging people to, like, get Gaia tokens, get Intuition tokens, get Mother Seeds, and we can also add get Collabeland tokens if you take these quizzes.  And that will, you know, will talk. I'm happy to allocate a certain amount of Collab token, and we just have to negotiate with Gaia and with Intuition that they would do the same.  And so you're going to get interactivity that way. And we're actually using the system. And then we can throw in a bunch of other kind of agents, like a poll agent or something like that, because that was next on my list.  So I'm 80% done with the poll agent, and you just take these different agents, and we're going to show traction that way.  So we're prepared, I think, for a certain type of traction. And then we can then punch that up with like, well, it's working on these CollabLand servers.  Look how many servers CollabLand's in, and it will be available to all the servers. And then that is what we're selling, like the tokens and investors, something along that line.  I think we need to have like a very specific conversations about the implementations and these different work streams and how they knit together.  Because if we diverge too much, then it's going to be difficult, I think, to have a cohesive story.

4:54 - Alex Sotiropoulos
  Yeah.

4:56 - James Young (Collabü§ùLand)
  Because Chaos Chain, I'm believing, Sumit, that he's going to... A LAN, the last part of the chaos chain SDK that will allow us to now have a full-on 8004 compliant registry.  We have community members, we have a quiz agent, and we have another orchestrator agent. And so let's just start putting it to use.  And then that's how we're building up traction, if the traction is the priority.

5:24 - Alex Sotiropoulos
  Yeah, traction is definitely, I think, the big blocker right now, moving forward. So yeah, I don't know, I think in the next white paper call, we should maybe bring some of these things up.

5:48 - James Young (Collabü§ùLand)
  But also, I think you should be in those calls too, because that can affect marketing, or how we come to think or assume what marketing is going to take care of.  Yeah.

6:00 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  Yeah, that sounds, that sounds helpful. Let's minimize those expectations. Yeah, miscommunications, right?

6:06 - James Young (Collabü§ùLand)
  And then you're going to have to catch up out of context.

6:09 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  Yeah.

6:11 - Alex Sotiropoulos
  Yeah, I could, I could loop you in on those calls, Coach. But, any, any updates from you, Coach?

6:26 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  No major updates from me. I'm running behind. This week has been nuts. I have time, but this weekend, my partner has gone out of the weekend, so I get to work this weekend, and I'll be putting together all those agents, knowledge bases.  Like, I'm gonna have some time tomorrow, but like, putting together knowledge bases for 30 plus agents, that takes a lot of time.  It takes so much, so much time.

6:48 - James Young (Collabü§ùLand)
  What, what, what if, we, um, in the context of real traction, what if we, uh, had a couple of those agents?  Thanks. Thanks. Thanks. Thanks. What would be really gimmicky, maybe even, agents that we can deploy and people will be incentivized?  can talk to Matt, they can earn Gaia tokens, I can talk to Billy, they can earn intuition tokens.

7:22 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  That sounds great. Like I said, I have a list of 30. I definitely have ones that I want to prioritize.  So I can just focus on those first three and get those going. Yeah, I'm game for whatever. Whatever you think is going to help me help this project, then let's do it.

7:39 - James Young (Collabü§ùLand)
  Yeah, that's why I want to have a conversation here and make sure that, you know, there's equal feedback to say that this is a good idea.  I think first off, like we all have to agree, what do we want to focus on? Because now, I'm assuming by next Friday, we're going to have a complete system.

7:58 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  Right, right, I see. I see. I see. I see. So maybe the plan that we had talked about, you're saying maybe we don't want to move forward on it and maybe there's better options for us.  Well, we tweak that.

8:11 - James Young (Collabü§ùLand)
  We tweak what you're doing because we're close. And so we'll have that interface and we can show like, you know, actual usage and it can be incentivized.  Okay.

8:22 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  Okay. So real agents, actual usage. Yeah, I got it. obviously a number one agent is my dad joke agent, right?  That's what I'm waiting to do for this whole year. Let's do it. Let's do it.

8:37 - James Young (Collabü§ùLand)
  I mean, I'm down to being, you know, just different here. And those legit agents can actually then be mixed in with other agents that you're building.  You know what I'm saying? Absolutely. So it's a mix and you won't be able to tell between the two.  Cool.

8:56 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  That sounds good. Yeah, let's do it. I'll definitely prioritize. Let's But like I said, what I'm going to do is I'm literally just going to move down this list, so maybe let's just see how far I can get before the end of the week.  Who do we have to have that conversation with, James? Is that a conversation of the white paper calls? Yeah, I think Amin is going to be involved.

9:17 - James Young (Collabü§ùLand)
  I think that from my take, Matt and Sydney want to be involved, but they want to do it at a higher level.  And they just want to curate the decision. And maybe they don't want to come up with a decision, but they want to be able to have authority of like approval or updates to that decision.

9:38 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  Okay, so when's the next call, or are we just kicking those off?

9:45 - Alex Sotiropoulos
  Yeah, let me do that right now.

9:49 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  Okay, yeah, because what happens is also if we have agendas for this call, like I don't mind facilitating those calls and just like really keeping us on track, like keeping us to like five minutes per topic, just getting like...

10:02 - James Young (Collabü§ùLand)
  Yeah, think it's well advised for it to be highly organized because it's really easy to go down rabbit holes for sure.

10:13 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  Especially when talking about white paper stuff and like the best way to do things. Okay. know. Yeah. so maybe Alex, just for that upcoming meeting, could you curate that agenda and then set that out as the outline at the beginning?  So like there's the white paper chat, but obviously we've got to talk about this as well. This thing we just talked about, this new plan on how we're going to be built.  Oh, I have. Okay. I see. Matt wasn't going to attend this because we have a content brainstorm at Gaia at this time.  I'm going to see if I can like, it's the last 30 minutes. So I'm going to see if we can end it a little early, the thing at Gaia and do this.  I don't think we need all the time that we have. Yeah.

10:53 - Alex Sotiropoulos
  That'd be sweet. Okay, cool.

10:55 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  Yeah. So add this to the game plan and and, uh, Yeah, I mean, have no day tomorrow, so we'll see how much I can get done.  I can get a lot done.

11:05 - Alex Sotiropoulos
  Also, I think we need to start working on, like, rebranding the current website and updating some of the language around there.

11:19 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  Okay, cool. That's actually very coincidental because I'm literally rewriting the headline because it was, like, old and I was taking it from this, but it's too long.  Yeah.

11:31 - Alex Sotiropoulos
  So, yeah, I'm, like, literally always thinking of the exact same thing.

11:34 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  A lot of the language is accurate still, but there's things like agent development kit. We're not doing that anymore.  No, we're not. Yeah, the only downside about this is that, like, I, yeah, I don't have a ton of Webflow skills, so I don't want to mess around too much with the layout and formatting.  I just want to change the text. Yeah. Unless you are familiar with Webflow, because it acts like a... ...  ... ... ... ... Kind of like any sort of dev tool, right?

12:03 - Alex Sotiropoulos
  I'm not.

12:05 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  Okay.

12:06 - Alex Sotiropoulos
  I mean, I don't have a problem with the current design of the website, honestly. I'd let's get the language updated.  Yeah, let's get the language updated, and then if Matt wants design changes, we can figure it out from there.  Okay.

12:28 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  Yeah. That makes sense.

12:30 - James Young (Collabü§ùLand)
  Cool.

12:32 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  Okay, sweet. Well, then that's another to-do. Maybe, Alex, you and I can use some of our time on one of our calls.  We can just quickly go over some of the stuff. Oh, he dropped. That's cool. He dropped. Alex and I have regular touch bases like two, three times a week about content.  So I'll use some of the time and just go over the website and stuff. I think we can do that.  Sounds Sounds good.

12:59 - James Young (Collabü§ùLand)
  guys. Thanks,

13:02 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  That's what I wanted to talk to when I reached out to you, Coach J.

13:06 - James Young (Collabü§ùLand)
  I was like, , this is all going to intermingle with the go-to-market strategy, the white paper, the mechanism design, how we talk about the DAO and all of that.  So that was my intention here, but I was able to explain it. If there are any questions, no matter how detailed, please feel free to ask in chat or ask me if I don't have the answer.  We need to come up with the answer, I think, short term. The reason why I think that I wanted to put some urgency around this is because there's going to be a lot of hype already with 8004.  8004 is launching in Mainnet in December. They postponed to launch in December. And I think, I think that we can hit right after 8004 launches and what we'll start to do in the community calls, we'll start making .  .

14:04 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  That sounds great. I love that timing. So you know, so you have this in the back of your head, I'm gone for a month from basically mid-December to mid-January.  All right, so let's lock everything in. Yeah, what I was gonna do this weekend, like Matt was like last time, like I knew you said the mother content plan, and I'm like, yes, I agree.  So my intention is to have like basically two months of regular content coming out about 8004 and TrustLayer and registries and agents and all this kind of stuff.  To just keep that going. And then arming Alex and Zero8 with like, here's what to do if there is a live stream, and here's what to do twice a week to get new narratives in there and stuff like that.  But we'll have this like regular kind of ongoing thing in the background. And then before I leave, like I'm basically going offline kind of start.  Starting December 18th, I can maybe take some calls, but December 18th, I'm like kind of heading offline, I'm like flying, and then I'm offline from December 19th till January 19th, so I'll be back Jan 20th, so if we still have like half of December, it's a planned January out, which is lots of fun.

15:18 - James Young (Collabü§ùLand)
  Yeah, and okay, so let's get tight on this and make sure that we are prepped for you to leave by December 19th, because I think a lot of this is going to be, honestly, I think you and Amin will probably have the highest level understanding of how everything works, the rest of us are going to be in our like lanes here, and so just want to make sure that everything is just like, like buttoned up for you to like, hand up to Amin, when you go, so he has that context because he's going to be the one  Since he worked with Sidney on the GaiaWi paper, I think that he'll be able to best communicate to Matt and Sidney about everything that's happening, so that we can make sure everything is consistent.  Yeah, yeah, yeah.

16:14 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  Agreed. Okay, cool, yeah. think, yo, use me up. Like, we got a whole month. I'm free to meet, like, a lot to get this done, so that sounds fine for me.  Yeah. All right.

16:28 - James Young (Collabü§ùLand)
  So, yeah, I'll hit you up. I have some questions, but I'll hit you up ASync. I gotta leave now, but yeah, I'm super stoked, and I'll tease this out some more ASync.

16:42 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  Sweet. Okay. All right, ciao. See ya.
