Mother All-Hands Weekly - October 06
VIEW RECORDING - 45 mins (No highlights): https://fathom.video/share/z6w7TA1LyGi8MWZz7v5wteKCG1spifAc

---
  ACTION ITEM: Launch AI Sovereignty Alliance campaign this week. Create website, handles, publish content.
 - WATCH: https://fathom.video/share/z6w7TA1LyGi8MWZz7v5wteKCG1spifAc?timestamp=0.0

0:00 - Alex Sotiropoulos
  Shade, do you want to kick us off? Sure. So the main update for me, I'm going to have Tom later, I'm getting distracted.

0:08 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  So the main update for me is getting ready to start our campaign, our like mother internet renaissance campaign. I just got like some designs today.

0:20 - James Young (Collabü§ùLand)
  They're looking like so, so good.

0:22 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  Sorry, this is like the mother journey talking about us. But this is kind of like, to give you a sense of the AI sovereignty alliance logo.  And like the designs that we're kind of going with, it's this like, Renaissance feel to it, but it looks like super modernized and more technical.  It's very nice. And so we just have some nice like, logos to work with like partnership kind of things as we maybe add people onto the alliance or congratulate people for having 804 launch.  And then we're also starting our builder, our agent builder talks, where we're going to be moving away from like agent spotlight series, and just talking  I'm more from this builder perspective, so I just got these today, so I'll probably launch this this week, and then the other really great news about this is that I just got off a call with Intuition's, like, growth lead, marketing and growth lead, and he's like, okay, let's go all in on this.  He basically like, yeah, he's like, loves this narrative, Intuition, they're like looking for what's their next narrative and campaign, so we're doing, like, he's my partner.  partner in this now, so we're going to be creating a website for the AI Sovereignty Alliance, we're going to be creating handles, we're going to be publishing content from that, like, the AI Sovereignty Alliance will exist as an entity of its own, and the whole idea is that these organizations like Intuition and Gaia and Collabland, and we've got to get Ember's load on there, too, Ember, they're all coming together to give birth to Mother, which is the coordination layer of all of this, .  With everyone being like an absolutely key aspect of this, of making this a reality with like the mother TGE coming like kind of at the end.  That's, that's the kind of narrative. So I'll share more about that narrative later. But the really exciting thing was Matt was like, yo man, let's do this.  Like he just got off the call with me today. So we're going to meet again later this week to figure out how we can like really bolster this.
  ACTION ITEM: Follow up w/ Marcos re 804 livestream Fri. Confirm timing, participants.
 - WATCH: https://fathom.video/share/z6w7TA1LyGi8MWZz7v5wteKCG1spifAc?timestamp=138.9999  Is, yeah, 804 and Vibekit, I want to talk about as well. Yeah, 804, we have Marcos, I think, coming on to the, our live stream on Friday.  He's one of the authors of 804. Wow. That's awesome. Yeah. So him and Francesco, I think it might not work for you for timing, James.  It's going to be like super early in the morning. So we'll see if you on, but I don't know yet.  I need to follow up actually, as I talk about it, because he said Friday though, because they were going to come out with their, it was October 3rd initially scheduled.  Yeah, this Friday that they're, they're doing, let me just see here. He said, you time. Happy to join, how about doing example next, new spec will be published probably Tuesday or Wednesday of this week, and then Friday they'll do like a recap spec, and I think they're both, Francesco and him are, European time, so I'll keep you posted.  Awesome, thanks.

3:19 - James Young (Collabü§ùLand)
  And you're talking to Matt, MKUltra from Intuition. MKUltra, yeah. Got it, cool.

3:25 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  Yeah, which is so good because they have this TGE coming up. I think that they're seeing that the surface area for them, there's lots of room to play with this, and there's longevity to it as well, right?  If he saw, what we saw, I don't know if you've seen Fetch, they have their super intelligence alliance.

3:42 - James Young (Collabü§ùLand)
  So this is the, this is our equivalent, you know what I mean?

3:44 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  And it's going to be focused on AI sovereignty, which is just, I think, such a strong movement messaging and like it can last for so long.  Um, I remember who, who was it, Nier was going to do, they were going to do that alliance and it never, never happened.  What was it called? Do remember? That's a good question.

4:04 - James Young (Collabü§ùLand)
  I'll ask Cameron. I forgot the name. Huge names.

4:07 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  They got like Eliza and Coinbase to come in, but like nothing happened with it.

4:13 - James Young (Collabü§ùLand)
  Yeah, they're really good at go-to-market coordination initially. And the challenge for them is things peter out pretty quickly. That's what I've seen.  Not good. Not good. No follow through. I mean, I wonder if there's a way that we could then, just like we are doing this collaboratively with different projects for Mother, meet with the superintelligence and the near one, just have like a meta-alliance or coordination.  For sure.

4:49 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  I'll look into it and see if there's kind of like a common thread. AI sovereignty is just, I love it.  It's such a clear value proposition and it's in the name as well. like super- Intelligence Alliance, for me, that has to do with reaching superintelligence, and I'm like, I don't know.

5:07 - James Young (Collabü§ùLand)
  There's a lot of people working on that right now.

5:10 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  So, yeah, we'll see. We'll see. Let's just build this first, and then let's see how we can collaborate more and more with others on it.  Those graphics look great, too, by the way. I may hit you up on the side to try and incorporate some into the Mother Pitch Deck as well.

5:26 - Alex Sotiropoulos
  I think it'd look great there. That's awesome.

5:28 - James Young (Collabü§ùLand)
  Yeah, yeah.

5:29 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  If we have specific requests, let's get them within the next, not to put urgency on it, but this designer in particular, we have a retainer with him, basically, like, until the end of the week.  Okay. So, if we have a few more requests that we want them to do before the end of the week, let's get it in ASAP, and let's get it.  They're based in Portugal, so they'll probably be wrapping up their day-to-day already.

5:53 - Alex Sotiropoulos
  Yeah, I mean, I think one of those, one or two of ones that you showed for like a summer.  I'll share the Figma in Slack.

6:02 - James Young (Collabü§ùLand)
  Awesome. Okay, Tosh, anything to share?

6:07 - Alex Sotiropoulos
  Actually, could I go next real quick? Because it kind of piggybacks, I don't mean to hijack, but it piggybacks off of what Coach J was saying.

6:16 - James Young (Collabü§ùLand)
  I wasn't going to really talk about this yet, because it's very much nascent, but it's very pertinent in terms of what Coach J has said, context-wise.  So I have a call with Intuition this afternoon. There are some kind of commercial issues with Gaia that were on hold, and I know that Tosh has been waiting for a very long, long, long time for this.  And what I'm going to iron out with Intuition is we could actually initially made shift instead of deploying the quiz agent.  welcome. you. On the Discord, deploy it on the Intuition Discord, and I'm talking with Alessandro Alex from Intuition, who's the project manager, and he was going to ask Matt MKUltra about this, and he is saying that MKUltra has some free cycles and wants to really dig his teeth into things, which totally now, for me, based off of what Coach J has just said, is I think the kind of audible that we may want to call and just focus on the Intuition Discord for now instead.
  ACTION ITEM: Confirm quiz agent deployment on Intuition Discord post-Alex call. Relay details to team.
 - WATCH: https://fathom.video/share/z6w7TA1LyGi8MWZz7v5wteKCG1spifAc?timestamp=452.9999  I will confirm this after my call with Alex from Intuition, which is right after this call, and kind of hash out the details.  So with that, I may reach out to Tosh about this. Tosh about And so it's the same playbook, but just a different Discord server.  So I just wanted to bring that up. I didn't want to say anything initially, but I think it's very relevant here.  And I think what I'll do is talk with Alex in my call with him and give him an update about what Coach J had just talked about with MKUltra.  And let's get that game plan together because the intuition TGE is happening. And I think that probably has better lift or momentum immediately.  So things are coming together there. And so we may want to, it's not a pivot, but just kind of shift our focus from Mother Discord to Intuition Discord.  I would love to get feedback on that as well, and I hope that isn't too disruptive for the CoUnity team.  But that's something that I can confirm end of today as well. And then I've been also speaking with a Web2 network.  They have a lot of, they're a meme agency. So brands and music labels go to them, pay them cash, or not cash, but pay them to create memes that go viral.  And one of the big trends right now, because there has been a recent integration between Instagram and Spotify, where if you can get a background sound clip trending on Instagram, it automatically turned into Spotify Plays.  and the music The industry just looks at, from what I understand, I don't know anything about the music industry and how those KPIs work.  What I've been told is they use the Spotify plays as a measure of marketing success. And this meme agency has been able to, for right now, understand the algorithm to get a song on Instagram to trending.  And what that means is that when you get a song on trending, it, like, pops up at the top.  And there is this high conversion rate with being able to use that trending song as your background when you're creating Instagram reels.  And that has direct effect on the label. So the labels will pay. The problem is this meme network. The  It's all manual in terms of like all of this. And so what they're really interested in is in tokenizing this.  So you can create a quest and we can direct and automate programmatically how all this happens. And I think that's not so much directly mother related, but I think these agents can fit as these automated quests based off of these KPIs from Web 2 to be able to generate revenue.  And so we're trying to figure out what that UX looks like from Instagram to Spotify. There's a way to do in browser links.  So I won't go into all. There is so much detail. It's so. No nuance, because you have to understand the Instagram and Spotify flow and how these meme networks work, but essentially, I'm working on that to increase a new distribution network for Collabland, but I think that we could now formalize these quests not only in Discord, but if we do this on Instagram, we can do this on TikTok, because it's kind of the same deal.  Instagram is a priority because Instagram just ain't a deal with Spotify, and so you can get plays in Spotify, which the labels want, without having to leave Instagram, so trying to create a self-contained, on-platform, quest system for Instagram to coordinate people, to get songs trending, and the revenue comes directly from the label.  So there's this, and- If we can scale this, it's just how much fuel do you want to pour on the fire?  So I think there's this use case that I'm looking at, right? Because that's the hard part in terms of just getting some immediate attention.  We can build it, and it's great, and we can make it work, and we can use Discord as distribution, and we will continue to do that.  I think that's more crypto web through native, but there's like a huge, huge distribution network that we can tap into.  Huge. I mean, CollabLand's distribution is huge, and so my standard is you have to at least be three to five X bigger than CollabLand distribution if we want to focus on that, because the opportunity cost is there to be able to actually pay attention.  Thank Thank you for that. Thank So that's also in the works right now, and so, yeah, I just want to let everyone know here, this is an emerging thing that's happening, and I don't know what the priority or urgency of that will be, I think we have to do some bit of these POCs, but that could be a larger lever for us.  The way I think about it is that it actually would be this, the work itself would be very similar to what we're already doing because they're just Quest agents with inside a platform, but now we have potentially another huge platform with a different audience to be able to deploy these agents, which increases the surface.  area for demand. And for these agents. So, just want to put that on the radar. Exciting, keep us posted.  Yeah, that's all I have. Who are you working on this with?

15:18 - Natascha Tiotuico
  Like, how would I get more information about how that exactly works? I mean, I don't want to take more time here, but I find it super interesting to read more about it.

15:32 - James Young (Collabü§ùLand)
  Yeah, so the immediate quiz agent within the Intuition Discord, we should get, and I'll confirm this with Alex, should get Intuition, Alex and MKUltra, if all goes well with this meeting with Alex, connected with MKUltra.
  ACTION ITEM: Intro Natascha to meme network once familiar w/ crypto. Facilitate Web2-Web3 connection.
 - WATCH: https://fathom.video/share/z6w7TA1LyGi8MWZz7v5wteKCG1spifAc?timestamp=943.9999  So Tosh should get connected with MKUltra. For this meme network, they, I'll do an intro. It's interesting because I see the similarities of questing and DeFi applied to music.  It's like one for one mapping, but they don't know anything about crypto. So when you talk about bridging, staking, point systems, and things like that, I have to talk web to speak.  The problem is I don't know anything about the music industry, and they don't know anything about Web3. So there's this chasm that is the space in between that we have to invent just to kind of make this happen.  And so it's taking some time for them to understand crypto, and it's taking some time for me to understand, because I don't want to like understand everything from first principles.  making don't about the card. But at least at a higher level with how the commercial and the relationships and the KPIs and all of that work on the music side so that we can create the mechanism, designs, and quests for that.  So I'll probably do an intro once they kind of, you know, get familiar with that. They launched this OG meme network.  They launched Stonks meme. They launched the No Pain Herald meme or whatever, I forget exactly, that old dude who's like smiling, but you can see that, you know, so, and there's a lot of credibility in terms of, and I don't understand the whole meme lord heritage and network, but there is like this really intricate hierarchy when it comes to meme lords.  things that, um, that I also want to understand. Well, so I'll do an intro, but I think the short term, Tash, just to cut to the chase and answer your question, is let's try and get that connection with intuition because that's going to, that's just right around the corner and that I think will probably be the immediate focus for now.

18:16 - Natascha Tiotuico
  Okay, so we're going to get the quiz agent ready for intuition and kind of support them by using it, by implementing and how we get the people to mother would kind of be like, okay, let's watch intuition, it being used there because I'm, I'm thinking about like, how, how are we going to orchestrate all the efforts we're doing to make the mother project also successful?  about the closer moments. have, You That's my own, like, thing. Like, I don't want to pressure into, like, we have to have the quiz agent and mother, because right now, like, I ask a few questions, we still get the people kind of involved, but I would like to attract more people into our Discord as well.  Yeah. Yeah, we should have a conversation about that.

19:25 - James Young (Collabü§ùLand)
  think that is the ironing out what that strategy looks like to align everyone. Yeah. So those are great questions.  Okay, great.

19:37 - Natascha Tiotuico
  So then just bring me in contact with Intuition as well. Dan talked a lot to Billy when they were in Singapore, I think.  So let's see what we can do for Intuition to support with the quiz agent, how to use it effectively.  think. Yes. Yeah, yeah.

20:04 - James Young (Collabü§ùLand)
  It's coming up. That's the next. That's the next task.
  ACTION ITEM: Await James' feedback re supporting Intuition w/ quiz agent. Prep for potential collab.
 - WATCH: https://fathom.video/share/z6w7TA1LyGi8MWZz7v5wteKCG1spifAc?timestamp=1214.9999

20:08 - Natascha Tiotuico
  That's the next task. Do they need support with the campaign and everything? Or is that taken care of? Like, they just need specific support with the quiz agent?  That's what I'm going to talk about with Alex.

20:21 - James Young (Collabü§ùLand)
  I don't know. Oh, yeah. OK. OK.

20:25 - Natascha Tiotuico
  Then, yes, I'll wait for your feedback. Yeah. And just let me know what what to do next. And yeah, I like the Renaissance.  It reminds me that I wanted to, like, start oil painting. Yeah. Everything is looking good with all the. With all like right now we have the mother tweets and in the discord.  But I would like to emphasize also when we. We those big spaces coming up, interviews coming up, et cetera.  Do you have like a calendar, Coach Jay, where I could kind of see that? Or can you ping it in the Slack when you know when it's exactly happening?  Or do I just follow the tweets to kind of make the announcement in the Discord as well? I will request to send you as soon as it's live.

21:32 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  Like any time we do a live stream, I'll put you on kind of like the FYI list. Okay. Or I'll tell 08 at least because 08 will probably be coordinating a lot of it still.

21:44 - Natascha Tiotuico
  Okay. Great. Yeah. So from my side, it's just like keeping the Discord slowly then dripping. And as soon as we get more traction, more people, then I would start going into events.
  ACTION ITEM: Pursue head of terms convo w/ Matt. Follow up on delayed discussion post-Singapore.
 - WATCH: https://fathom.video/share/z6w7TA1LyGi8MWZz7v5wteKCG1spifAc?timestamp=1315.9999  Bye. And, like, a bigger concept, what we can do. And then the question would be, Coach Shea, you still have on your list to do the kind of, like, head of terms or what we call the contribution things with Matt now that Singapore is over?  I will. still on my list. Okay. Just making sure. Yeah, we'll see how long Matt can delay that conversation.  I will be on him about it.

22:32 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  Okay. Thanks. Okay.

22:35 - Natascha Tiotuico
  That's all from my side, unless anybody has questions or anything we can progress on concretely. Awesome.

22:47 - Alex Sotiropoulos
  Thank you, Tosh. Seb, Tom?

22:51 - Sebastian Varela
  Yeah. Yeah, yeah, for sure. Um, on our end, I mean, I guess the main goal of today's SyncUp, I guess, was to...  He told us around the thing that got pushed out of the 8.0.0.4 standard, right, and make kind of some technical decisions on how to implement that for the mod kit and in the context of mother.  So we'll keep an eye out for that. I've been having a conversation kind of pushed by Arbitrum with the foundation and like with the Ethereum foundation around 8.0.0.0.4 as well.  Nothing super, super concrete, but kind of them scouting the ecosystems, figuring out what teams to get involved as part of, I think they're having like some builders program or something.  Talk to them about the buy kit, mother in general, how we're thinking about the registries, nothing too, too deep.  Just a nice conversation started late last week, but it's got, you know, a couple of people from the foundation.  think Marco is also in there out of the. Metamaskin, and a few other players. I'm not a thousand percent exactly everyone.  Progress on our side, deploying POCs of essentially Ember Vaults as a whole, kind of the open-ended standard for strategies, starting to look at how we loop that in with Delegation Toolkit and that entire policy stack.  I don't know if there's anything specific, Tom or James, that you guys wanted to address at this point. We've been holding back on progress in the Vibe Kit a little bit just to make sure that we time things appropriately with, I guess, Decision's internal tool mother and connected to 28004.  So if there is any direction that can be cleared up. So here in this conversation, that would be good if we need to wait for the new spec, then, you know, that's, that's also all right.  James, do you have any details on the new spec coming through?

25:15 - Tom Daniel
  Is that something that's still happening? Or has it just going to be another week or two? The new spec should be dropping this week.

25:24 - James Young (Collabü§ùLand)
  It, from what I understand, it's been ready. I don't know what the delay is, was supposed to be launched on Friday.  Or was it Friday? Something like that. And so I think they're just doing some final revisions. I don't know what the, the, that extra polish and the extra days are for, but I think it's really just editing and kind of getting a little bit more feedback, but they're just incorporating all the feedback.  It's just a bunch of stuff they got from Ethereum musicians. But this should be pretty final from my understanding and what I can gather.  Yeah. Thank I don't know exactly all of what the changes are going to be. think that's what and why we needed a couple more days.  OK, yeah, sounds good.

26:10 - Tom Daniel
  Any day now then we'll keep our eyes out. If Mother is ready to start to do actual A2A communications integration, you know, we're ready to move on that as well.  You know, we're ready for that and 8-0-0-4 whenever it makes sense.

26:28 - James Young (Collabü§ùLand)
  Yeah, I think what we're doing here is figuring out what aspects of A2A should be put onto intuition, and that's part of the call that I have with Alex, and so I think this is all coming together.  So it looks like, just from what I'm seeing, Intuition TGE, the data from Collabland, which will hydrate. The data  The mother registry will be on intuition using A to A. That will be a shelling point, not only for the quiz agent into intuition, but what parts of A to A, because we're not going to initially roll out everything from A to A.  And once we have that minimal spec in terms of the data that we post to intuition, then we can use that data and then use that information.  as the integration touchpoint for Vibekit and then seeing how we can help promote Vibekit. And maybe there's a strategy there or a GTM play for Vibekit to kind of draft off of the momentum of the intuition TGE.  So there's a couple of things, a lot of loose ends still to wrap up, but I think that is the kind of focus.  What is that narrative? What is that Shift, what does that data look like? And just trying to use Intuition as their TG as a shelling point.  Sounds good.

28:10 - Tom Daniel
  Yeah, so you said you have a call with Intuition today to iron out some more details. What do you think the details are going to be ready for us to start having a conversation and testing out that integration?

28:23 - James Young (Collabü§ùLand)
  So I plan to have this meeting and then be able to understand what that final spec for 8004 is.  So I think the soonest is once we get that 8004 final spec this week and then have a day to kind of then finalize.
  ACTION ITEM: Warm up music industry contacts for future one-pager feedback. Prep for Web2-Web3 bridging.
 - WATCH: https://fathom.video/share/z6w7TA1LyGi8MWZz7v5wteKCG1spifAc?timestamp=1729.9999  So probably towards the end of the week. Okay, yeah, sounds good.

28:57 - Sebastian Varela
  Cool. No, it all makes sense. I guess. I mentioned, just kind of on a separate topic, like, on this makes sense, we just, you know, we'll wait for the spec, we'll figure out the conversation and how to, you know, things come together when they do, drop in the comments that, just on the music industry side of it, I have a couple friends who both work with labels and can kind of give a very, I love to perspective, like you said, no need to get too into the weeds, but also have a couple contacts in the organization of music rights and IP.

29:32 - James Young (Collabü§ùLand)
  Oh, go ahead, sorry.

29:34 - Sebastian Varela
  No, I was just going to say, think there, there can be a good, like, help in that bridging of what two and more three language for.

29:39 - James Young (Collabü§ùLand)
  Absolutely, would love to, like, once we get something written down, I think it's going to start with like a one pager, would love to be able to get feedback on it.  Also, yeah, 100%. Yeah, yeah, for sure, for sure.

29:55 - Sebastian Varela
  I'll kind of warm up those conversations a little bit in the meantime. And then... then... And then... Yeah. Thank you.  The other thing I wanted to throw into the mix here, I'm blanking on it a second, but it was related to, we talked about it last week with kind of Linnea and the, like, essentially, if we're not going to be working on the ViteKit and the framework and the operability side of it, we're probably going to be working on our vaults and strategies that we want to go to market with.  So this is mostly going to be, I targeting, yeah, Linnea, MetaMask, kind of this whole ecosystem with delegations, caveats, and so on.  So if we're able to at least pick your brain or kind of have a conversation on how we want to manage delegation and, you know, transferring of those, if there's any kind of additional resources, I think that would also be a helpful conversation to have, maybe not on this call, but, you know, we can do an async or something just to...
  ACTION ITEM: Schedule call w/ Sebastian this week. Discuss vaults, strategies, delegation mgmt.
 - WATCH: https://fathom.video/share/z6w7TA1LyGi8MWZz7v5wteKCG1spifAc?timestamp=1842.9999

30:53 - James Young (Collabü§ùLand)
  Yeah, let's set up a call this week ahead of 8004, because... Probably. Yeah. Yeah, so we have Smart Tag in the Linnea Discord server.  They're actually our first beta testers for it, and so they've been asking us kind of what more can we do?  So I have questions. I don't understand what you mean by vaulted strategy, so let's have an async or offline chat about this.
  ACTION ITEM: Send James internal docs on vaults/strategies. Clarify concepts for future discussion.
 - WATCH: https://fathom.video/share/z6w7TA1LyGi8MWZz7v5wteKCG1spifAc?timestamp=1881.9999  Because there could be opportunities there, yeah.

31:32 - Sebastian Varela
  Absolutely, yeah, no, I will also send you some, it's more like internal materials, but just alignment around, you know, the idea in general.  So I'll share those documents with you just so you can kind of better your understanding about, you know, make myself clear, I guess.
  ACTION ITEM: Finalize slide deck for Legion by week's end. Incorporate all feedback, refine messaging.
 - WATCH: https://fathom.video/share/z6w7TA1LyGi8MWZz7v5wteKCG1spifAc?timestamp=1910.9999  And yeah, we'll continue that conversation, but awesome. So I appreciate the effort on alignment here, and I think that's all from our end.
  ACTION ITEM: Create comprehensive Notion doc on Mother. Outline phases, core concepts for partners/investors.
 - WATCH: https://fathom.video/share/z6w7TA1LyGi8MWZz7v5wteKCG1spifAc?timestamp=1910.9999  Awesome.

31:59 - Alex Sotiropoulos
  Awesome. Thank you, guys. . I'll go ahead and just cap things off real quick, I've started to get like the first iteration of feedback on the pitch deck, which has been great, appreciate the feedback there, and I'm going to keep trying to iterate on that, my goal really is by the end of the end of the week to have like the final slide deck ready to send to Legion, simultaneously, I also have this goal of putting together like an all encompassing notion doc that really outlines, you know, what mother is and, and breaking down each phase.  So that way, you know, we could just have a central doc to send to other partners, as well as investors down the line.  So that's really what I'm focused on at the moment. And yeah, I guess, for feedback from Matt, my experience is that if you want feedback from

33:04 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  So if you want that, let me know, because I have visibility to his schedule, I'm chatting to him tomorrow at 9am Eastern Time about something unrelated.  I can just find out like what his availability is this week. But if we want that feedback, we cannot rely on him in Telegram to get back to us.  That's not the reality of the situation. Yeah, that's, that's, that's perfect.

33:28 - Alex Sotiropoulos
  I'm really going to finish this first round up. Dasher just gave me some feedback as well. Dasher is a great person to talk to as well.

33:36 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  She worked in the VC world before and she's Matt's chief of staff. So I think that they're like working in person together and she has a ton of experience with fundraising and saying yes and no to Dex.
  ACTION ITEM: Check Matt's availability for pitch deck feedback. Coordinate potential meeting time.
 - WATCH: https://fathom.video/share/z6w7TA1LyGi8MWZz7v5wteKCG1spifAc?timestamp=2019.9999  So use her as a resource if you can't get ahold of Matt. Yeah, absolutely.

33:50 - Alex Sotiropoulos
  I'll reach out maybe later today to see if Matt has any time free and we can go from there.  Awesome. One quick note.

34:01 - James Young (Collabü§ùLand)
  My co-founder actually hung out with Matty or Matt from Legion, and they're very much interested in spreading their reputation score other places as well.  So they're engaged. So I don't know if that will help with the pitch check at all, because it's one of those things that could get us to the top of the pile there.  I would also encourage everyone to take a look at, I think it was Yieldbasis, which was their first TGE that had the Kraken partnership, and that was like super oversubscribed, and then they launched the token on Kraken.  I haven't had time to take a look at it and see how well it is or what the sentiment is, but that could help potentially inform the tone of the pitch deck.  OK. Not maybe the content, but how it gets pitched and might provide some better context there. So I encourage everyone to take a look at Yield Basis and how it's performing.  Definitely.

35:12 - Alex Sotiropoulos
  And yeah, I think that is also a good thing for me to consider as well as really just making sure that I'm highlighting that aspect of amplifying Legion scores in the deck.  So it's possible that I need to do a better job of making that clear. So yeah, I'll continue getting feedback from you guys and yeah, we'll try to get face to face with Matt too.  Yeah. And then Intuition did their pre-sale and they were oversubscribed on Legion as well.

35:42 - James Young (Collabü§ùLand)
  So there's a connection there. So I don't know if the Intuition TGE could, from the Legion pitch deck perspective, uh, help with what we're doing by showcasing the quiz agent in-  Intuition using Intuition. But this is from the perspective of the Legion pitch deck. And then getting the Legion reputation score onto Intuition as well.  And so it could be this symbiotic alignment, potentially. So just something to, I don't know how the dots connect, but I think that there could be something there just to also keep in mind.  OK, awesome. Will do.

36:34 - Alex Sotiropoulos
  And yeah, unless anybody else has any points of topic or questions, I think we can wrap it up for today.  One quick question for the Ember team.

36:43 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  So we have this coordination channel on the AI Sovereignty Alliance and this narrative that we're building. I don't know if you all want to participate in that and who I should for sure.

36:54 - Sebastian Varela
  Definitely, we're still kind of exploring exactly what the equivalent of these VGEs would be for us. There's an NFT.  NFT. On the board that we've been massaging for a bit. Either way, happy to participate, collaborate, and figure out exactly how we fit in.

37:10 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  Yeah, never mind. Collabland has already launched a token a while ago. Collabland is still participating. As long as we're building tech and infrastructure for this AI sovereignty movement, I think it works.  The infrastructure is key. And I would say that Vibekit is part of that infrastructure that's being built, right? So that's why I think it's an obvious yes.  Who wants to be the coordinating person? I can invite everyone on the team, but it's... You can just throw me in there.  If anything, I'll kind of ask you to add someone else, but yeah. Okay, cool. That's all I have. Awesome.  Excellent. Happy Monday, everyone.

37:50 - James Young (Collabü§ùLand)
  All right. Have a good day, guys. Yeah. Yeah.

37:54 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  Bye. Bye. Bye.
